# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2026/visa-bulletin-for-march-2026.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For March 2026

Number 12
 Volume XI
 Washington, D.C.

View as Printer Friendly PDF

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS FOR PREFERENCE IMMIGRANT VISAS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during March for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

The fiscal year 2026 limit for family-sponsored preference immigrants determined in accordance with Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) is 226,000. The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

Family-sponsored PREFERENCES

Final Action Dates for FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

First: (F1) Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

Second: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200, plus any unused first preference numbers.

Final Action Dates for Employment-Based PREFERENCE CASES

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

First: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level.

Second: Members of the Professions Holding Advanced Degrees or Persons of Exceptional Ability: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level.

DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

Diversity Immigrant (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF MARCH

Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year.

AVAILABILITY OF FAMILY-SPONSORED AND EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISAS

EXTENSION OF THE EMPLOYMENT FOURTH RELIGIOUS WORKERS (SR) CATEGORY

U.S. GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS (SIVs)

FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

