# Newsroom

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/Intercountry-Adoption-News.html

Newsroom

Intercountry Adoption News and Notices

To ensure prompt receipt of Office of Children's Issues notices and announcements regarding intercountry adoption, subscribe to our stakeholder listserv.

Notices

KidsFirst International Adoption, Inc. Renewal of Accreditation - Feb 20, 2026

Wasatch International Adoptions, Inc. Accreditation Expiration - Feb 2, 2026

Bellefaire Jewish Children’s Bureau Renewal of Accreditation - Feb 2, 2026

National Interest Exceptions for Adoption Visas - Jan 29, 2026

Adoptions Together, Inc. Accreditation Expiration - Jan 27, 2026

A Family in Bloom Adoption, LLC. Approval Relinquishment - Jan 12, 2026

International Christian Adoptions Renewal of Accreditation - Dec 30, 2025

Gateway Woods Family Services, Inc. Accreditation Expiration - Dec 30, 2025

Presidential Proclamation 10998 on Restricting and Limiting the Entry of Foreign Nationals - Dec 23, 2025

Adoptions from the Republic of Korea after October 1, 2025 - Dec 19, 2025

Hopscotch Adoptions, Inc. Accreditation Expiration - Nov 18, 2025

The Center for Excellence in Adoption Services (CEAS) Assumes Accrediting Entity Role for All ASPs - Sep 30, 2025

Adoptions from India with a HAMA Order - Sep 26, 2025

Adoptions from Guyana after May 30, 2025 - Sep 12, 2025

America World Adoption Association Renewal of Accreditation - Sep 12, 2025

Hand in Hand, Inc. Temporary Suspension of Accreditation Lifted - Sep 11, 2025

Cradle of Hope Adoption Center Renewal of Accreditation - Sep 11, 2025

Adopolis, Inc. Renewal of Accreditation - Sep 5, 2025

Hand in Hand, Inc. Temporary Suspension of Accreditation - Sep 4, 2025

Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Baton Rouge Accreditation Relinquishment - Sep 2, 2025

Living Hope Adoption Agency Accreditation Relinquishment - Feb 19, 2025

