# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas.html

U.S. Visas

Visit our Newsroom for information about the current status of visa services and visa restrictions.

What is a U.S. Visa?

A citizen of a foreign country who seeks to travel to the United States generally must first obtain a U.S. visa. Visas are placed in the traveler’s passport, a travel document issued by the traveler’s country of citizenship.

Certain international travelers may be eligible to travel to the United States without a visa if they meet the requirements for visa-free travel.

Find out what visa type is appropriate for you

The type of visa you must obtain is defined by U.S. immigration law, and relates to the purpose of your travel.

Where to Apply for a U.S. Visa

Effective November 1, 2025, all immigrant visa applicants will be scheduled for their interview in the consular district designated for their country of residence or alternatively, may apply in their country of nationality if requested, with limited exceptions.

Effective September 6, 2025, all nonimmigrant visa applicants should schedule their interview at the U.S. embassy or consulate in their country of residence or nationality.

Global Visa Wait Times

Travel to the United States

Tourism & Visit

Study & Exchange

Business

Immigrate

Employment

Other Visa Categories

Forms & Fees

DS-160: Online Nonimmigrant Visa Application

All Forms

Fees/Reciprocity

Rights & Protections for Temporary Workers

Fraud Protection

Glossary, A-Z Index, & FAQs

Electronic System for Travel Authorization Application

Rights & Protections for Foreign-Citizen Fiancé(e)(s)

Check the Visa Bulletin

Need Help Getting Started?

Many non-U.S. citizens need a visa to enter the United States to visit, work, and live. Why do you want to travel to the United States? Please try our Visa Wizard.

U.S. Visas News

Feb 27, 2026: Limited Visa Services Available at the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem and Branch Office in Tel Aviv

Feb 26, 2026: Preventing Public Benefits Reliance

Feb 25, 2026: Limited Services Available at the U.S. Embassy in Lebanon

Feb 2, 2026: Immigrant Visa Processing Updates for Nationalities at High Risk of U.S. Public Benefits Reliance

Feb 2, 2026: Suspension of Visa Issuance to Foreign Nationals to Protect the Security of the United States

Visa Photo Requirements

Your Rights and Protections

Visa Bulletin

Visa Statistics

Legal Rights & Protections

IV Scheduling Status Tool

