# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Afghanistan.html

U.S. Visas

Afghanistan

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Table: Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

Visa Issuing Posts

U.S. Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan.

Address: Great Massoud Road, Kabul, Afghanistan

Note: The U.S. Embassy in Kabul suspended operations on August 31, 2021.

Visa Services

On August 31, 2021, The U.S. Embassy in Kabul suspended operations. Afghan Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) applicants with the ability to self-relocate may pursue an interview at another U.S. embassy or consulate.

Effective November 27, 2025, all visa issuances to Afghan nationals applying with an Afghan passport are paused until further notice.

