# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Albania.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Albania

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-2, None, One, 15 Days

C-3, None, Multiple, 48 Months

D, None, Multiple, 36 Months

General Documents: Most civil documents are available. While document security has increased, Albanian civil documents are not always reliable or accurate.

General Issuing Authority Information: The issuing authority is the Office of Civil Status located in City Hall or in commune where the person is registered.

Birth Certificates: Available for use abroad. Fees: No fee for birth certificates obtained from e-Albania website.

Death/Burial: Available. Fees: No fee for death certificates obtained through the e-albania.al website.

Marriage Certificates: Available. Fees: No fee for marriage certificates obtained through the e-albania.al website.

Passports & Other Travel Documents: Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): Regular, Diplomatic, and Official passport.

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of Albania.

Tirana, Albania (Embassy)

Street Address: Rr. Elbasanit, No. 103, Tirana, Albania

Phone: (355)-(4)-224-7285

