# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Algeria.html

U.S. Visas

Algeria

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

24 Months

A-2

A-3

B-1

One

3 Months

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

C-2

C-3

General Documents

All civil documents are issued in Arabic, but many, such as birth and marriage records, can also be issued in French to be submitted to francophone embassies or countries.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: There are three different formats: “Chahadat EL Milade” in Arabic, “Chahadat El Milade S12” in Arabic, “Extrait de Naissance” in French.

Issuing Authority: City Hall “Al Baladia” (Bureau de l'Etat-Civil)

Registration Criteria: Registration not required.

Procedure for Obtaining: One must provide his or her family book, (Dafter Aili) or photo ID.

Death Certificates

Document Name: Chahadat Al Wafate

Procedure for Obtaining: An applicant must present his or her family book (Dafter Aili).

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Available in Arabic called “Aked Ezaouadj” printed on A4 white sheet paper.

Adoption Certificates

Unavailable: There are no provisions for adoption under Sharia Law in Algeria.

Identity Card

National ID Cards

Document Name: “Bitaket Taarif AlAwatania” in Arabic.

Issuing Authority: City Hall “Al Baladia” (Bureau de l'Etat-Civil) or Daira (equivalent of county/town hall).

Military Records

Document Name: Bitaket Alkhidma ALWatania” or “Livret Militaire” (very old version)

Issuing Authority: Military office called “Bureau de Recrutement”.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official

Fees: 6000 DA for the regular passport. Diplomatic and official passports are free.

Post Contact Information

Post Title: U.S. Embassy

Address: 05 Chemin Cheikh Bachir El-Ibrahimi Algiers

Phone Number: +213 (21) 770-08-2000

Website: https://dz.usembassy.gov/

Visa Services

All visa categories for all of Algeria.

Note: The U.S. Embassy workweek is Sunday through Thursday.

