# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Andorra.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Andorra

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Reciprocal Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-W-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

D: None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B: None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1: None, One, 6 Months

L-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

U-1: None, One, 1 Month

Visa Issuing Posts

Madrid, Spain (Embassy)

Mailing Address: APO AE 09642-8500

Street Address: Calle Serrano 75 Madrid

Tel: +34-915-872-200

