# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Angola.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Angola

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Fees, Number of Entries, Validity Period for Various Visa Classifications

Republic of Angola

Police Certificates

Available

Fees: 500 Angolan Kwanzas ($0.56)

Document Name: Certidao de Registro Criminal

Issuing Authority: MINJUSDH – Ministerio da Justiça e dos Direitos Humanos

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: National Director of DNAICC

Registration Criteria: National ID card, Presence of the applicant, Passport for foreigner applicants and a power of attorney if the person is out of Angola.

Procedure for Obtaining: Serviço Integrado de Atendimento ao Cidadão (SIAC) accepts/processes document requests.

Certified Copies Available: Applicant applies for a certified copy at the public notary. They must present the original document.

Comments: Due to a decades-long civil war, some records might be unavailable.

Post Contact Information

Post Title: U.S. Embassy

Address: Rua Presidente Houari Boumedienne, Miramar, Luanda

Phone Number: Tel: +244-222-641-000

Website: ao.usembassy.gov

Visa Services: All Visa categories for Angola and São Tome and Principe.

