# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/AntiguaandBarbuda.html

U.S. Visas

English

Antigua and Barbuda

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1: None, One, 3 Months

B-2: None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 3 Months

C-1/D: None, Multiple, 3 Months

C-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-3: None, One, 3 Months

D: None, Multiple, 3 Months

G-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B: None, One, 3 Months

Marriage Certificates

Fees: $25 EC

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Issuing Authority: Registrar of the Supreme Court, St. John's Antigua

Procedure for Obtaining: May be obtained from the High Court of Justice, Civil Registry

Email: hctanu@yahoo.com

U.S. Embassy Bridgetown (Embassy)

Address: Wildey Business Park, Wildey St Michael, BB14006 Barbados, W.I

Phone Number: 246 227 4000

Nonimmigrant and immigrant visa applications for nationals of Antigua and Barbuda are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados.

