# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Anguilla0.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Anguilla

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: $25 EAST CARIBBEAN DOLLAR or $10 USD

Document Name: Certificate of Birth

Issuing Authority: Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages. The Valley Anguilla

Procedure for Obtaining: Request for certificates must be made to: Registry Birth Death Marriages, The Court House BLDG, P.O Box 60, The Valley, Anguilla

Death Certificates

Document Name: Certificate of Death

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Certificate of Marriage

Divorce Certificates

Fees: $15 EAST CARIBBEAN DOLLAR & additional $5 EAST CARIBBEAN DOLLAR for Registrar certification

Issuing Authority: Supreme Court Registry

Identity Card

Available: There is no National ID card, Social Security cards are used.

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Anguilla Social Security Card

Police Records

Fees: EC$15.00

Document Name: Police Certificate

Issuing Authority: Royal Anguilla Police force

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Bridgetown, Barbados (Embassy)

Address: Wildey Business Park, Wildey St Michael, BB14006 Barbados, W.I

Phone Number: 246 227 4000

Visa Services: NIV & IV

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

