# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/adjudicating-iv-applicants-in-their-country-of-residence.html

Newsroom

English

U.S. Visas News

Adjudicating Immigrant Visa (IV) Applicants in Their Country of Residence

The Department of State is now requiring immigrant visa applicants to interview in the consular district designated for their place of residence, or in their country of nationality if requested, with limited exceptions. Effective November 1, 2025, the National Visa Center will schedule immigrant visa applicants in their country of residence or, if requested, country of nationality.

Residents of countries where routine visa operations are suspended or paused should apply at their designated immigrant visa processing post, unless the applicant is a national of another country with ongoing operations. See the designated posts listed below.

Immigrant Visa Designated Processing Posts

RESIDENT OF

DESIGNATED LOCATION(S)

Afghanistan (except Special Immigrant Visas)

Islamabad

Belarus

Warsaw

Burkina Faso

Lome

Central African Republic

Yaoundé

Eritrea

Addis Ababa, Nairobi

Haiti

Nassau

Iran

Abu Dhabi, Ankara, Yerevan

Libya

Tunis

Niger

Abidjan

North Korea

Guangzhou

Russia

Warsaw, Almaty (IR-5), Tashkent (IR-5)

Somalia

Nairobi

South Sudan

Sudan

Cairo

Syria

Amman, Beirut (for Palestinians with Syrian Travel Documents)

Venezuela

Bogota

Yemen

Djibouti

Zimbabwe

Johannesburg

Applicants should note the following:

Existing Appointments: Existing immigrant visa appointments will generally not be rescheduled or cancelled.

Post to Post Transfers: Beginning immediately, if an applicant would like to transfer her or his immigrant visa case to a new consular district after the National Visa Center has scheduled the appointment, the applicant should contact the National Visa Center. The applicant should not contact the consular section directly. Applicants should use the National Visa Center’s Public Inquiry Form.

Residence Requirement: If an applicant requests to interview in a location other than the applicant’s assigned consular district or country of nationality, the National Visa Center may request additional information to confirm that location is an applicant’s place of residence, or to confirm whether an exception may be appropriate.

Exceptions: Rare exceptions may be made for humanitarian or medical emergencies or foreign policy reasons.

Diversity Visas: These changes will be applied to Diversity Visa applicants in the DV-2026 program year.

Applicants should check embassy and consulate websites for more detailed information about visa application requirements and procedures, and to learn more about the embassy or consulate’s operating status and services.

This supersedes previous guidance on visa application requirements, including designated visa processing posts.

