# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Argentina.html

U.S. Visas

Argentina

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 6 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

B-1/B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 60 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-3 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

E-1 None Multiple 60 Months

E-2 None Multiple 60 Months

F-1 None Multiple 60 Months

F-2 None Multiple 60 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

J-1 None Multiple 60 Months

J-2 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): Regular, Diplomatic, and Official.

Fees: Passports normally cost AR$ 550, but may cost more if emergency service is needed.

Document Name: Pasaporte.

Issuing Government Authority: National Registry of Persons

Registration Criteria: Must present birth certificate or previous DNI

Procedure for Obtaining: Must schedule an online appointment.

Other Records: Not applicable.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Embassy of the United States of America

Address: Avenida Colombia 4300

Phone Number: (011) (54) (11) 5777-4533/34

Visa Services: All services for all types of visas.

Comments / Additional Information: None.

