# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Armenia.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Armenia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification | Fee | Number of Entries | Validity Period

A-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

A-2 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

B-1 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

B-2 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

C-1 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

D | None | Multiple | 120 Months

E-1 | No Treaty | N/A | N/A

F-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

H-1B | None | Multiple | 60 Months

K-1 | None | One | 6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available: There is no fee to register a marriage or to obtain a marriage certificate. Fees are charged for conducting marriage ceremonies.

Document Name: State Certificate About Marriage

Issuing Authority: Civil Status Acts Registration Agency

Change of Name Certificates

Available: A state duty of AMD 30,000 is levied for the change of name, patronymic and surname, and issuance of certificate.

Passport and Visa Office of the Police of the Republic of Armenia

Government fees for application and obtaining a regular passport are $70-80 depending on optional fast-track services.

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): There are four types of documents that allow individuals to reside in Armenia: Regular and Diplomatic passport; Residency permits; Non-citizen certificates (issued to refugees); National ID cards.

