# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Bahamas.html

U.S. Visas

Bahamas

Commonwealth of The Bahamas

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa<br> Classification

Fee

Number<br> of Entries

Validity<br> Period

A-1

None

Multiple

24 Months

A-2

A-3

12 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

60 Months

CW-1

H-1B

$385.00

J-1

K-1

One

6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: A bank draft or money order payable to "Registrar of Records of The Bahamas."

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Issuing Authority: Registrar of Records

Birth Certificates

Certificates may be signed by: The Registrar General, His/her Deputy, or Any Assistant Registrar.

Procedure for Obtaining: Certified copies of Marriage certificates are obtainable from the Registrar of Records Department of The Bahamas in Nassau.

Police Certificates

Fees: $5.00 for Bahamian applicants. $10.00 for Non-Bahamian applicants.

Document Name: Bahamas Police Force Character Certificates.

Issuing Authority: Superintendent, Criminal Record Office, Royal Bahamas Police Force in Nassau.

Military Records

Fees: There may be a fee required.

Document Name: Service Records

Issuing Authority: Available from the Ministry of National Security.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Nassau, Bahamas (Embassy)

Address: # 235 Shirley Street, Nassau, Bahamas

Phone Number: 242-461-5025, (after hours) 242-461-5555

