# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Bahrain.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Bahrain

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

C-1/D

C-2

12 Months

C-3

C-W-1

C-W-2

D

2 Months

E-1

No Treaty

N/A

E-2

One

3 Months

F-1

F-2

H-1B

$1,037.00

J-1

K-1

6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: Varies

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqf

Registration Criteria: Any two individuals can complete marriage procedures in Bahrain, regardless of religion and nationality, provided the main requirements are met and one of the individuals is a resident of Bahrain.

Procedure for Obtaining: The following steps are required to contract marriage in Bahrain:

Conduct a premarital medical examination.

Choose a solicitor licensed for marriage registration.

Issuance of official marriage certificate and accreditation from the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Endowments.

Adoption Certificates

Unavailable.

Police Certificates

Fees: 1 BD

Document Name: Good Conduct Certificate

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Interior, General Directorate of Crime Detection & Evidence, Department of Criminal Information

Procedure for Obtaining: Copy of a valid passport, personal photo with white or grey background, letter from the entity wishing to employ the applicant.

U.S. Embassy Manama conducts all nonimmigrant and immigrant visa services. Information on nonimmigrant visa services can be found online.

