# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Bangladesh.html

U.S. Visas

Bangladesh

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 12 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

B-1/B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 60 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-3 None Multiple 60 Months

Visitors More information can be found at this website: bdris.gov.bd.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: None, if registered within 45 days of the birth.

If registered 45 days-5 years after the birth: BDT 100

If registered 5-10 years after the birth: BDT 200

If registered 10 years or more after the birth: BDT 500

Document Name: Birth Certificate, Birth Registration Certificate

Issuing Authority: City Corporation, Municipality/Pourashava Office, Union Parishad Office, or Cantonment Board.

Death Certificates

Fees: None, if registered within 45 days of the death.

If registered 45 days-5 years after the death: BDT 100

If registered 5-10 years after the death: BDT 200

If registered 10 years or more after the death: BDT 500

Document Name: Death Certificate

Marriage Certificates

Fees: For Muslims: Marriage registration fees are calculated based on the amount of the dower.

For Christians/Hindus/Buddhists: There are no fees.

Document Name: For Muslims: Nikah Nama; For Christians/Hindus/Buddhists: Marriage Certificate.

Issuing Authority: For Muslims: Muslim Marriage Registrar’s Office (“Kazi” Office).

Divorce Certificates

Available for Muslims and Christians

Fees: For Muslims: BDT 3,500. For Christians: Fees may vary based on divorce procedures.

Document Name: For Muslims: Talaknama; For Christians: Divorce Decree.

Issuing Authority: For Muslims: Muslim Marriage Registrar’s Office (“Kazi” Office); For Christians: Family Court.

Adoption Certificates

Unavailable

Comments: Bangladesh is not a party to the Hague Adoption Convention.

Identity Card

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: National ID Card.

Issuing Authority: Election Commission Bangladesh.

Police Records

Fees: BDT 500.

Document Name: Police Clearance Certificate.

Issuing Authority: The police station covering the area in which the applicant resides.

Character Certificate

Document Name: Character Certificate.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Visas Chief

Address: U.S. Embassy Dhaka Madani Avenue Baridhara, Dhaka-1212 Bangladesh.

Phone Number: (880) (2) 55662000.

Visa Services Email: support-bangladesh@ustraveldocs.com.

