# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Belarus.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Belarus

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Reciprocity-header-bottom

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-3, None, One, 3 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 12 Months

E-1, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

F-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

F-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 12 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: 14 USD

Issuing Authority: The Bureau of Acts of Civil Status (ZAGS). The ZAGS is part of the Ministry of Justice.

Registration Criteria: Issued upon registration of the marriage.

Procedure for Obtaining: Original copies can be obtained in-person at the Bureau of Acts of Civil Status (ZAGS).

Certified Copies: Certified true copies are available through a notary public service in Belarus.

Birth Certificates

Fees: 14 USD (as of September 2025)

Issuing Authority: The Bureau of Acts of Civil Status (ZAGS).

Police, Court, Prison Records

Available for the period an applicant resided in Belarus.

Fees: 7 USD for normal processing (2 weeks)

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Interior

Procedure for Obtaining: In Belarus, applicants can apply in-person to the respective regional office of the Center for Information and Analysis of the Ministry of Interior.

Visa Issuing Posts

Minsk, Belarus - Services currently suspended

Visa Services

Effective February 28, 2022, the U.S. Embassy in Minsk suspended all routine and emergency consular services.

Share this page:

