# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada).

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/Intercountry-Adoption-News.html

Newsroom

Intercountry Adoption News and Notices

To ensure prompt receipt of Office of Children's Issues notices and announcements regarding intercountry adoption, subscribe to our stakeholder listserv.

Notices

KidsFirst International Adoption, Inc. Renewal of Accreditation

Wasatch International Adoptions, Inc. Accreditation Expiration

Bellefaire Jewish Children’s Bureau Renewal of Accreditation

National Interest Exceptions for Adoption Visas

Adoptions Together, Inc. Accreditation Expiration

A Family in Bloom Adoption, LLC. Approval Relinquishment

International Christian Adoptions Renewal of Accreditation

Gateway Woods Family Services, Inc. Accreditation Expiration

Presidential Proclamation 10998 on Restricting and Limiting the Entry of Foreign Nationals

Adoptions from the Republic of Korea after October 1, 2025

Hopscotch Adoptions, Inc. Accreditation Expiration

The Center for Excellence in Adoption Services (CEAS) Assumes Accrediting Entity Role for All ASPs

Adoptions from India with a HAMA Order

Adoptions from Guyana after May 30, 2025

America World Adoption Association Renewal of Accreditation

Hand in Hand, Inc. Temporary Suspension of Accreditation Lifted

Cradle of Hope Adoption Center Renewal of Accreditation

Adopolis, Inc. Renewal of Accreditation

Adoptions from El Salvador - Foreign Authorization

International Child Foundation, Inc. Accreditation Expiration

Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Baton Rouge Accreditation Relinquishment

