# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Belgium.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Belgium

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

C-1/D

C-2

12 Months

C-3

D

E-1

$310.00

E-2

F-1

21 Months

F-2

G-1

H-1B

$170.00

H-4

$68.00

J-1

K-1

One

6 Months

L-1

$420.00

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: Depending on the City/Town Hall. Usually 20-30 Euro.

Document Name: Extrait d’Acte de Mariage/Uittreksel uit de Huwelijksakte

Issuing Authority: Officer of Vital Statistics (Officier de l'Etat Civil/Dienst Bevolking)

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Seal of the city/town/A4 Format

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Officier de l’Etat Civil/Ambtenaar van de Burgerlijke Stand

Registration Criteria: Civil registry officer attestation

Procedure for Obtaining: Issued upon a written request by the Officer of Vital Statistics (Officier de l'Etat Civil/Dienst Bevolking) of the commune where the marriage took place.

Certified Copies: An extract or a copy of the (birth/death/burial/marriage/divorce/adoption decree) can be obtained from the city or town hall where the records are stored. The application can be done in person or in writing. Belgian identity card or residence card holders can also apply online through the city or town hall’s website using e-Guichet/e-Loket.

Comments: None

U.S. Embassy in Brussels, Belgium

Street/Mailing Address: 27 Boulevard du Regent, 1000 Brussels

Consular Section Street Address: 25 Boulevard du Regent, 1000 Brussels

Tel: (24 hours) (32-2) 811-4000

Fax: (Embassy) (32-2) 811-4500

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of Belgium. Immigrant visas for Luxembourg.

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

