# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Bermuda.html

U.S. Visas

Bermuda

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Contact Information

Post Title: Hamilton, Bermuda (Consulate General)

Mailing Address: 5300 Hamilton Place, Washington, DC 20521-5300

Street Address: Crown Hill, 16 Middle Road, Devonshire DV03

Phone Number: 1-441-295-1342

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of Bermuda.

Share this page:

Travel Documents: Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): The Bermuda passport itself does not meet the passport requirements of the INA because it does not indicate nationality and entitlement to enter Bermuda.

Fees: $160 adult passport, $80 child under age 16 passport, $127 temporary, restricted validity passport, $166 providing express service for temporary passport

Document Name: British Overseas Territories Citizen Passport

