# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Bhutan.html

U.S. Visas

English

Bhutan

Kingdom of Bhutan

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None One 3 Months

A-2 None One 3 Months

A-3 None One 3 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

B-1/B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None One 3 Months

C-1/D None One 3 Months

C-2 None One 3 Months

C-3 None One 3 Months

CW-1 None One 3 Months

CW-2 None One 3 Months

D None One 3 Months

E-1 No Treaty N/A N/A

E-2 No Treaty N/A N/A

E-2C None One 3 Months

F-1 None One 3 Months

F-2 None One 3 Months

G-1 None Multiple 36 Months

G-2 None Multiple 36 Months

G-3 None Multiple 36 Months

G-4 None Multiple 36 Months

G-5 None Multiple 24 Months

H-1B None One 3 Months

H-1C None One 3 Months

H-2A None One 3 Months

H-2B None One 3 Months

H-2R None One 3 Months

H-3 None One 3 Months

H-4 None One 3 Months

I None One 3 Months

J-1 None One 3 Months

J-2 None One 3 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

K-2 None One 6 Months

K-3 None Multiple 24 Months

K-4 None Multiple 24 Months

L-1 None One 3 Months

L-2 None One 3 Months

M-1 None One 3 Months

M-2 None One 3 Months

N-8 None One 3 Months

N-9 None One 3 Months

NATO 1-7 N/A N/A N/A

O-1 None One 3 Months

O-2 None One 3 Months

O-3 None One 3 Months

P-1 None One 3 Months

P-2 None One 3 Months

P-3 None One 3 Months

P-4 None One 3 Months

Q-1 None One 3 Months

R-1 None One 3 Months

R-2 None One 3 Months

S-5 None One 1 Month

S-6 None One 1 Month

S-7 None One 1 Month

T-1 N/A N/A N/A

T-2 None One 3 Months

T-3 None One 3 Months

T-4 None One 3 Months

T-5 None One 3 Months

T-6 None One 3 Months

T-D N/A N/A N/A

U-1 None One 3 Months

U-2 None One 3 Months

U-3 None One 3 Months

U-4 None One 3 Months

U-5 None One 3 Months

V-1 None One 3 Months

V-2 None One 3 Months

V-3 None One 3 Months

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

Please check back for update.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Birth: Unavailable. Births are not registered in Bhutan.

Death/Burial: Unavailable. Village records exist, but certificates are not issued.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Marriage: Available. Bhutanese law requires registration of marriages, and copy of record is given to both husband and wife. Additional copies may be obtained from the local civil office that registered the marriage.

Divorce: Available. The court issues copies of judgment to both parties. If a court procedure was not involved, the village headman can issue a certificate of divorce.

Adoption Certificates

Unavailable.

Identity Card

Police, Court, Prison Records

Police Records: Available. Residents and former residents of Thimpu should write to the District Commissioner (Dzongda) or the Home Ministry. All others should write to the village headman in the place of residence or former residence.

Court Records: Unavailable.

Prison Records: Available. Write to either the District Commissioner or the Superintendent/Deputy Superintendent of the Royal Bhutan Police, Thimpu.

Military Records

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Other Records

Not applicable.

Visa Issuing Posts

New Delhi, India (Embassy)

Visa Services: Nonimmigrant and immigrant visa applications for nationals of Bhutan are processed by the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

