# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Brazil.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Brazil

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Birth Certificates

Available: In all 26 states and the Federal District of Brasilia.

Fees: There are no fees for the first original. For additional copies, variable fees apply.

Document Name: Document issued prior to November 21, 2017 - Birth Certificate (Certidão de Nascimento). Document issued on or after November 21, 2017 – Unabridged record (Certidão de Inteiro Teor).

Issuing Authority: Civil Registry (Cartório de Registro Civil das Pessoas Naturais).

Marriage Certificates

Fees: Fees are variable.

Document Name: Marriage Certificate (Certidão de Casamento).

Divorce Certificates

Document Name: Divorce Sentence (Certidão de Sentença or Sentença de Divórcio) from a court.

Adoption Certificates

Fees: No fee for the first original. Variable fees apply for additional copies.

Document Name: Adoption Certificate (Decreto de Adoção).

Police Certificates

Available: In all 25 states, only for individuals at least 18 years old. State police certificates from the Federal District and Rio Grande do Norte are not available.

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: State Police Records (Atestado de Antecedentes Policiais Estaduais, or Certidão de Antecedentes Criminais).

Issuing Authority: State Police Records are issued by the Department of Public Safety (Secretaria de Segurança Pública).

Visa Services

All U.S. immigrant visas for Brazil are processed in Rio de Janeiro. Although the embassy and consulates divide the country into separate consular districts, non-immigrant visa applicants are free to apply at any post.

