# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Botswana.html

U.S. Visas

English

Tourism & Visit

Business

Employment

Study & Exchange

Immigrate

Other Visa Categories

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Botswana

Republic of Botswana

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, One, 3 Months

B-2, None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2, None, One, 3 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-W-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-W-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

E-1, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C, None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-5, None, Multiple, 24 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1C, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2A, None, N/A, N/A

H-2B, None, N/A, N/A

H-2R, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

I, None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

K-2, None, One, 6 Months

K-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

K-4, None, Multiple, 24 Months

L-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

L-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-8, None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-9, None, Multiple, 60 Months

NATO 1-7, N/A, N/A, N/A

O-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Q-1, None, Multiple, 15 Months

R-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

R-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

S-5, None, One, 1 Month

S-6, None, One, 1 Month

S-7, None, One, 1 Month

T-1, N/A, N/A, N/A

T-2, None, One, 6 Months

T-3, None, One, 6 Months

T-4, None, One, 6 Months

T-5, None, One, 6 Months

T-D, N/A, N/A, N/A

U-1, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-2, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-3, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-4, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-5, None, Multiple, 48 Months

V-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-3, None, Multiple, 120 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Available from the Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages, Ministry of Home Affairs, Private Bag 002, Gaborone, Botswana.

Normally only 'short form' birth certificates are issued. The certificate does not include the names of the child's parents. The U.S. Embassy can obtain a complete birth certificate if it assures the Ministry of Home Affairs that the 'long form' certificate will be used for 'official business' only.

Death certificates are available from the Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages, Ministry of Home Affairs, Private Bag 002, Gaborone.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Marriage certificates are available from the Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages, Ministry of Home Affairs, Private Bag 002, Gaborone.

Divorce Unavailable.

Adoption Certificates

Unavailable.

Identity Card

Police, Court, Prison Records

Police Records are available to private individuals. People seeking a certificate of no criminal record from Botswana should write to: Criminal Records Bureau, Botswana Police Service, Private Bag 0400, Gaborone, Botswana.

The request must include the person's full name, and dates and places of residence in Botswana.

Court Records Unavailable.

Prison Records Unavailable.

Military Records

The Botswana Defense Force was created in the spring of 1977, thus, few military records are available.

Inquiries concerning military records should be directed to Headquarters, Botswana Defense Force, Private Bag X06, Gaborone.

Visa Issuing Posts

Gaborone, Botswana (Embassy)

Embassy Drive

Government Enclave, Gaborone, Botswana

Phone: (+267) 395-3982

Visa Services

Nonimmigrant visas only are processed in Botswana.

Immigrant visa applications for nationals of Botswana are processed by the U.S. Consulate in Johannesburg.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

