# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/BruneiDarussalam.html

U.S. Visas

Brunei Darussalam

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Police Certificates

Available

Fees: BND $50.00

Document Name: Police Clearance/Good Conduct

Issuing Authority: Royal Brunei Police Force Headquarters

Procedure for Obtaining: To apply for a police certificate, fill in a CRF1 form along with a copy of the applicant’s passport, Brunei identity card, Brunei work permit, proof of residency, and payment of BND $50.00.

Visa Posting Location: Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei

Visa Services: NIV only.

