# Newsroom

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/adjudicating-iv-applicants-in-their-country-of-residence.html

Newsroom

English

U.S. Visas News

Adjudicating Immigrant Visa (IV) Applicants in Their Country of Residence

The Department of State is now requiring immigrant visa applicants to interview in the consular district designated for their place of residence, or in their country of nationality if requested, with limited exceptions. Effective November 1, 2025, the National Visa Center will schedule immigrant visa applicants in their country of residence or, if requested, country of nationality.

Residents of countries where routine visa operations are suspended or paused should apply at their designated immigrant visa processing post, unless the applicant is a national of another country with ongoing operations. See the designated posts listed below.

Immigrant Visa Designated Processing Posts

RESIDENT OF: Afghanistan (except Special Immigrant Visas) - DESIGNATED LOCATION(S): Islamabad

Belarus - Warsaw

Burkina Faso - Lome

Central African Republic - Yaoundé

Eritrea - Addis Ababa, Nairobi

Haiti - Nassau

Iran - Abu Dhabi, Ankara, Yerevan

Libya - Tunis

Niger - Abidjan

North Korea - Guangzhou

Russia - Warsaw, Almaty (IR-5), Tashkent (IR-5)

Somalia - Nairobi

South Sudan - Nairobi

Sudan - Cairo

Syria - Amman, Beirut (for Palestinians with Syrian Travel Documents)

Venezuela - Bogota

Yemen - Djibouti

Zimbabwe - Johannesburg

Existing Appointments: Existing immigrant visa appointments will generally not be rescheduled or cancelled.

Post to Post Transfers: Beginning immediately, if an applicant would like to transfer her or his immigrant visa case to a new consular district after the National Visa Center has scheduled the appointment, the applicant should contact the National Visa Center. The applicant should not contact the consular section directly. Applicants should use the National Visa Center’s Public Inquiry Form.

Residence Requirement: If an applicant requests to interview in a location other than the applicant’s assigned consular district or country of nationality, the National Visa Center may request additional information to confirm that location is an applicant’s place of residence, or to confirm whether an exception may be appropriate.

Exceptions: Rare exceptions may be made for humanitarian or medical emergencies or foreign policy reasons.

Diversity Visas: These changes will be applied to Diversity Visa applicants in the DV-2026 program year.

Applicants should check embassy and consulate websites for more detailed information about visa application requirements and procedures, and to learn more about the embassy or consulate’s operating status and services. This supersedes previous guidance on visa application requirements, including designated visa processing posts.

