# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada).

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/adjudicating-niv-applicants-in-their-country-of-residence.html

Newsroom

English

U.S. Visas News

Adjudicating Nonimmigrant Visa (NIV) Applicants in Their Country of Residence

Effective immediately, the Department of State has updated its instructions for all nonimmigrant visa applicants scheduling visa interview appointments:

Applicants for U.S. nonimmigrant visas (NIV) should schedule their visa interview appointments at the U.S. Embassy or Consulate in their country of nationality or residence.

Nationals of countries where the U.S. government is not conducting routine nonimmigrant visa operations must apply at the designated embassy or consulate, unless their residence is elsewhere.

Designated Locations for Nonimmigrant Visa Processing

NATIONAL OF

DESIGNATED LOCATION(S)

Afghanistan: Islamabad

Belarus: Vilnius, Warsaw

Burkina Faso: Lome

Chad: Yaoundé

Central African Republic: Yaoundé

Cuba: Georgetown

Haiti: Nassau

Iran: Dubai

Libya: Tunis

Niger: Lome

Russia: Astana, Warsaw

Somalia: Nairobi

South Sudan: Nairobi

Sudan: Cairo

Syria: Amman

Ukraine: Krakow, Warsaw

Venezuela: Bogota

Yemen: Riyadh

Zimbabwe: Johannesburg

Applicants should note the following:

Residence Requirement: Applicants must be able to demonstrate residence in the country where they are applying.

Fees: Applicants who schedule nonimmigrant interviews at a U.S. embassy or consulate outside of their country of nationality or residence might find that it will be more difficult to qualify for the visa.

Appointment Availability: Wait times for nonimmigrant interview appointments vary by location.

Existing Appointments: Existing nonimmigrant visa appointments will generally not be cancelled.

Exceptions: This guidance does not apply to applicants for A, G, C-2, C-3, NATO visas, or any visa for travel covered by the UN Headquarters Agreement.

Applicants should check embassy and consulate websites for more detailed information about visa application requirements and procedures.

