# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Burundi.html

U.S. Visas

English

Burundi

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

A-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 12 Months

A-2, Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 12 Months

A-3, Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 12 Months

B-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

B-2, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

B-1/B-2, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

C-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

C-1/D, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

C-2, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

C-3, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

C-W-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

C-W-2, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

D, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

E-1, Fee: No Treaty, Number of Entries: N/A, Validity Period: N/A

E-2, Fee: No Treaty, Number of Entries: N/A, Validity Period: N/A

F-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

G-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 12 Months

H-1B, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

I, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

J-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 3 Months

K-1, Fee: None, Number of Entries: One, Validity Period: 6 Months

Marriage Certificates, Fees: 10,000 Burundi Francs (Bif) – Acte de Mariage / 1,000 Bif for Extrait d’Acte de Mariage.

Issuing Authority: Bureau d’Etat-Civil, Mairie de Bujumbura (Civil Registry Office within the Mayor’s Office)

Marriage registration record is drafted ahead of the ceremony in the registry book.

Divorce: Available.

Fees: 1000 Burundi Francs (FBu). Document Name: Transcription du Dispositif du Jugement de Divorce.

Issuing Authority: Communal Administrator for the interior / Bureau d’Etat-Civil, Mairie de Bujumbura.

Certified Copies Available: Yes.

Adoption Certificates: Available. Fees: 1000 Burundi Francs (FBu). Document Name: Transcription du Dispositif du Jugement d’Adoption.

Identity Card: Available. Fees: 500 (FBu). Document Name: Carte Nationale d’Identite (CNI).

Available. Fees: 1000 (FBu). Document Name: Extrait de Casier Judiciaire.

Embassy Bujumbura

Physical address: Avenue des Etats-Unis/ Avenue du Cinquantenaire.

Mailing address: B.P. 1720, Bujumbura, Burundi.

Phone Number: Tel: (257) 22-34-54, Fax: (257) 22-29-26.

Email: Bujumburac@state.gov.

All nonimmigrant visas are processed at the U.S. Embassy in Bujumbura.

