# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Cambodia.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Cambodia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Reciprocity Fee Schedule

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1: None, One, 3 Months

B-2: None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-1: None, One, 3 Months

C-1/D: N/A, N/A, N/A

C-2: None, Multiple, 3 Months

C-3: None, Multiple, 3 Months

Documents are available for all births, marriages and deaths since 1992. Documents are available for some births, marriages and deaths since 1980.

The Cambodian government embarked on a new civil registration campaign. The Ministry of Interior introduced procedural changes in August 2002, requiring all Cambodians to obtain a new version of certificates of birth, marriage and death.

Birth Certificates: Available, Fees: Free, Issuing Authority: Commune Officer.

Death Certificates: Available, Fees: Free, Issuing Authority: Commune Officer.

Marriage Certificates: Available, Fees: Free, Issuing Authority: Commune Officer.

Divorce Certificates: Available, Fees: Approximately 1.25 USD for Ruling Order.

Police Certificates: Available, Fees range from 7.50 USD to 125 USD based on applicant.

Post Title: Phnom Penh, Cambodia (Embassy), Address: Street 96, Sangkat Wat Phnom, Khan Daun Penh, Phnom Penh, Cambodia, Phone Number: 855 23 728000.

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of Cambodia.

