# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/CaymanIslands.html

U.S. Visas

Cayman Islands

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Issuing Posts

The U.S. Embassy in Kingston, Jamaica processes all Immigrant and Nonimmigrant Visa applications for nationals of the Cayman Islands.

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Share this page:

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Available. Should be requested from the Assistant Registrar General, Grand Cayman. Applicants should include his/her full name, date and place of birth, father's name, and mother's maiden name. There may be a fee for this service.

Unavailable.

Police, Court, Prison Records

Available. Should be requested from the Clerk of Court, Courts Office, Grand Cayman. When requesting police certificates, applicants should send specific documents.

A response to an application will be returned within 5-7 working days following receipt. The office is opened Mondays to Fridays and closed on all locally recognized Public Holidays.

