# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Cameroon.html

U.S. Visas

Cameroon

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 12 Months

A-2 None Multiple 12 Months

A-3 N/A N/A N/A

B-1 $35.00 One 3 Months

B-2 $35.00 One 3 Months

B-1/B-2 $35.00 One 3 Months

C-1 $35.00 One 3 Months

C-1/D $35.00 One 3 Months

C-2 None Multiple 3 Months

C-3 None One 3 Months

C-4/D-3 $35.00 One 3 Months

CW-1 None One 3 Months

CW-2 None One 3 Months

D $35.00 One 3 Months

E-1 N/A N/A N/A

E-2 None One 3 Months

F-1 $35.00 One 3 Months

F-2 $35.00 One 3 Months

G-1 None Multiple 12 Months

G-2 None Multiple 12 Months

G-3 None Multiple 12 Months

G-4 None Multiple 12 Months

G-5 None Multiple 12 Months

H-1B $45.00 One 3 Months

H-1C $45.00 One 3 Months

H-2A $45.00 One 3 Months

H-2B $45.00 One 3 Months

H-2R $45.00 One 3 Months

H-3 $45.00 One 3 Months

H-4 $45.00 One 3 Months

I $35.00 One 3 Months

J-1 $35.00 One 3 Months

J-2 $35.00 One 3 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

K-2 None One 6 Months

L-1 $45.00 One 3 Months

L-2 $45.00 One 3 Months

M-1 $35.00 One 3 Months

M-2 $35.00 One 3 Months

N-8 $35.00 One 3 Months

N-9 $35.00 One 3 Months

NATO 1-7 N/A N/A N/A

O-1 $45.00 One 3 Months

O-2 $45.00 One 3 Months

O-3 $45.00 One 3 Months

P-1 $45.00 One 3 Months

P-2 $45.00 One 3 Months

P-3 $45.00 One 3 Months

P-4 $45.00 One 3 Months

Q-1 $45.00 One 3 Months

R-1 $45.00 One 3 Months

R-2 $45.00 One 3 Months

S-6 None One 1 Month

S-7 None One 1 Month

T-2 None One 3 Months

T-3 None One 3 Months

T-4 None One 3 Months

T-5 None One 3 Months

T-6 None One 3 Months

U-1 None One 3 Months

U-2 None One 3 Months

U-3 None One 3 Months

U-4 None One 3 Months

U-5 None One 3 Months

V-1 None One 3 Months

V-2 None One 3 Months

V-3 None One 3 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There are fees

Document Name: Birth Certificate / Acte de Naissance

Issuing Authority: Civil Status Registration Centre / Centre D’Etat Civil

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: There is no Special(s)/Color/Format.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Civil Status Registrar / Officier D’etat Civil

Registration Criteria: There are no registration criteria

Procedure for Obtaining: Birth certificates (Actes de Naissance) are issued by the Council (la Mairie or Commune) or Secondary Civil Status Center (Centre Secondaire d’Etat Civil) at the child's place of birth.

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Marriage Certificate / Acte de Mariage

Procedure for Obtaining: Marriage Certificates (Actes de Mariage) are issued by the Council (la Mairie or Commune) or Secondary Civil Status Center (Centre Secondaire d’Etat Civil) of the town where the marriage took place.

