# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Colombia.html

U.S. Visas

Colombia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

Colombia's Civil Documentation

In Colombia, the authority in charge of registering civil documentation of legal events is the Registraduría Nacional del Estado Civil.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There may be a fee for obtaining a copy of the birth certificate.

Document Name: Registro Civil de Nacimiento

Issuing Authority: The Civil Registry of the municipality or rural area in which the birth occurred.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: There may be a fee for obtaining a copy of the marriage certificate. Consult with the applicable civil registry office.

Document Name: Registro Civil de Matrimonio

Issuing Authority: Civil Registry of the municipality or rural area where the marriage occurred.

Divorce Certificates

Fees: There may be a fee for obtaining a copy of the divorce certificate.

Document Name: Certificado de Divorcio

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Certificates in uncontested divorces may be issued by notaries or judges in the family court.

Military Records

Available: To Colombian citizens over 18 years of age.

Fees: There may be fees.

Document Name: Military Carnets (Libreta Militar)

Issuing Authority: First-class carnets are issued by the Dirección de Reclutamiento y Control Reservas of each force.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy Bogota, Colombia

Address: Carrera 45 No. 24B-27, Bogota, D.C., Colombia

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of Colombia.

