# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/China.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

China

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

A-1: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 60 Months.

A-2: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 60 Months.

A-2 (TDY): Fee: None, Number of Entries: Two, Validity Period: 6 Months.

A-3: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 12 Months.

B-1: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 120 Months.

B-2: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 120 Months.

B-1/B-2: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 120 Months.

C-1: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 60 Months.

C-1/D: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 60 Months.

C-2: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 24 Months.

C-3: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 24 Months.

C-3 (TDY): Fee: None, Number of Entries: Two, Validity Period: 6 Months.

D: Fee: None, Number of Entries: Multiple, Validity Period: 60 Months.

Other Visa Categories

Birth Certificates

Fees: Varies. Normally RMB 300 – 500, including translation fee.

Marriage Certificates

Marriage Certificates: Available. Fees: Varies. Normally RMB 300 – 500, including translation fee.

Divorce Certificates

Police Records

Court/Prison Records

Available. Fees: Varies.

Military Records

Fees: Normally RMB 300 – 500, including translation fee.

Visa Services

Embassy/Consular District: Beijing

Provinces/Regions: Beijing, Chongqing, Tianjin, Gansu, Hebei, Ningxia, Qinghai, Shaanxi, Shandong, Sichuan, Tibet, Xinjiang.

Embassy/Consular District: Guangzhou

Visa Services: All categories

Embassy/Consular District: Shanghai

Visa Services: NIV except K

Embassy/Consular District: Shenyang

Embassy/Consular District: Wuhan

Share this page:

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

