# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Comoros.html

U.S. Visas

Comoros

Union of the Comoros

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Issuance Posts

Antananarivo, Madagascar (Embassy)

Visa applications for nationals of Comoros are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Antananarivo, Madagascar.

Share this page:

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Available. Actes de Naissance are available from the prefecture of applicant's birth.

Available. Death is pronounced by an Islamic Cadi, who charges a fee. A copy of the Judgement de Deces is available from the prefecture at the place of death. There may be a fee for this service.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Available. Actes de marriage are available from the Prefecture where the marriage took place.

Available. Divorce is pronounced by the Islamic Cadi, who charges a fee. A copy of the Judgement de Divorce is available from the prefecture where the divorce took place.

Military Records

Military records are available directly from the Forces Armees Comoriennes or from the Gendarmerie Federale.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

The Department has determined that Comoros 'economic citizen' passports are not valid for visa-issuance purposes. Those who have obtained 'economic citizen' passports (ECPs) do not have the right to return to Comoros or their country of origin and may be Stateless. Since the Comoran economic citizenship travel document does not give the holder a right to reside in the Comoros, it does not meet the requirement in INA 212(a)(7)(B)(i) that a passport permit the alien to return to the Comoros (or another country) after a stay in the United States. Applicants may need to present other supporting documents to establish their nationality and identity to the satisfaction of the consular officer.

