# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/CongotheDemocraticRepublicofthe.html

U.S. Visas

Congo the Democratic Republic of the

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 24 Months

A-2 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None One 1 Month

D $75 One 1 Month

F-1 None One 3 Months

O-1 None One 3 Months

General Issuing Authority Information: DRC Government

Birth Certificates: Available: Yes Fees: No Fee if filed within 90 days of birth.

Death Certificates: Available: Yes Fees: No fee if filed within 30 days of death.

Marriage Certificates: Available: Yes Fees depend on the field office processing the wedding.

Divorce Certificates: Available: Yes Fees depend on the field office processing the wedding.

Adoption Certificates: Available: Yes Fees: Fees depends on the field office processing the wedding.

National ID Card: Available: Yes Fees: There are no fees.

Police Certificates: Available: Yes Fees: Equivalent of $50 - $100, depending on whether or not it’s an expedite case.

Court Records: Available: Yes Fees: May vary from one court to another.

Prison Records: Available: Yes Fees: There are no fees.

Military Records: Unavailable.

Travel Documents: Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Service Fees: $185 for the Regular Passport.

Post Contact Information: Post Title: Embassy Address: U.S. Embassy, 310 Avenue des Aviateurs, C. Gombe, Kinshasa, DR Congo.

Visa Services: Available: Yes

Document Name: Visa

