# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/CotedvIoire.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Côte d'Ivoire

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 36 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 36 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1: None, One, 3 Months

B-2: None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-1: None, One, 3 Months

C-1/D: None, One, 3 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-3: None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-4/D-3: None, One, 3 Months

CW-1: None, One, 3 Months

CW-2: None, One, 3 Months

D: None, One, 3 Months

E-1: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C: None, One, 3 Months

F-1: None, One, 3 Months

F-2: None, One, 3 Months

G-1: None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-2: None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-3: None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-4: None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-5: None, Multiple, 24 Months

H-1B: None, One, 3 Months

H-1C: None, One, 3 Months

H-2A: None, One, 3 Months

H-2B: None, One, 3 Months

H-2R: None, One, 3 Months

H-3: None, One, 3 Months

H-4: None, One, 3 Months

I: None, One, 3 Months

J-1: None, One, 3 Months

J-2: None, One, 3 Months

K-1: None, One, 6 Months

K-2: None, One, 6 Months

K-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

K-4: None, Multiple, 24 Months

L-1: None, One, 3 Months

L-2: None, One, 3 Months

M-1: None, One, 3 Months

M-2: None, One, 3 Months

N-8: None, One, 3 Months

N-9: None, One, 3 Months

NATO 1-7: N/A, N/A, N/A

O-1: None, One, 3 Months

O-2: None, One, 3 Months

O-3: None, One, 3 Months

P-1: None, One, 3 Months

P-2: None, One, 3 Months

P-3: None, One, 3 Months

P-4: None, One, 3 Months

Q-1: None, One, 3 Months

R-1: None, One, 3 Months

R-2: None, One, 3 Months

S-5: None, One, 1 Month

S-6: None, One, 1 Month

S-7: None, One, 1 Month

T-1: N/A, N/A, N/A

T-2: None, One, 3 Months

T-3: None, One, 3 Months

T-4: None, One, 3 Months

T-5: None, One, 3 Months

T-6: None, One, 3 Months

T-D: N/A, N/A, N/A

U-1: None, One, 3 Months

U-2: None, One, 3 Months

U-3: None, One, 3 Months

U-4: None, One, 3 Months

U-5: None, One, 3 Months

V-1: None, One, 3 Months

V-2: None, One, 3 Months

V-3: None, One, 3 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: A revenue stamp of 500 CFA per document needed

Document Name: Extrait d'Acte de Naissance or Copie Intégrale d'Acte de Naissance

Issuing Authority: Mairie. If a locality does not have a Mairie, a Sous-Préfecture.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Round blue color seal with the inscription ETAT-CIVIL in the center of the seal

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Officier d'Etat-Civil

Registration Criteria: If parents are legally married, the father or the mother or another person on their behalf can register the birth at the City Hall. If not legally married, only the father can register the birth. The registration must be done within three months from the day of birth.

Death Certificates

Document Name: Extrait d'Acte de Décès or Copie Intégrale d’Acte de Décès

Registration Criteria: A member of the deceased's family can register the death.

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Extrait d'Acte de Mariage or Copie Intégrale d'Acte de Mariage

Adoption Certificates

Fees: 35,000 CFA

Document Name: Adoption Certificate (Simple or Plenary)

Issuing Authority: Tribunal of First Instance of each city, issued by the family judge

Identity Card

Fees: 5,000 CFA for renewal or registration of a new biometric National ID Card

Document Name: Carte Nationale d’Identité (commonly CNI in French)

Issuing Authority: Office National de L’Etat Civil et de L’Identification (ONECI)

Police Certificates

Fees: 1000 CFA for Ivoirian national, and non-Ivoirian applicants living in Cote d'Ivoire

Document Name: Police Certificate / Casier Judiciaire

Issuing Authority: Ivoirian National - Court of Justice in the individual’s city of birth; Non-Ivoirian National - Bureau du Casier Central at the Ministry of Justice

Military Records

Fees: No fee

Document Name: La Fiche Signalétique

Issuing Authority: Respective military branch (Army, Navy, Police, Gendarme)

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official

Fees: 40,000 CFA for Regular Passports. Diplomatic and Official are issued at no fee.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Embassy

Address: Riviera Golf, Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire

Phone Number: (225) 27-22-49-40-00

Visa Services: Email: abjvisa@state.gov

