# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/CostaRica.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Costa Rica

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

48 Months

A-2

A-3

12 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

60 Months

C-1/D

C-2

C-3

C-W-1

C-W-2

D

E-1

$181.00

E-2

E-2C

24 Months

F-1

F-2

G-1

G-2

G-3

G-4

G-5

H-1B

$191.00

H-1C

H-2A

H-2B

H-2R

H-3

H-4

I

38 Months

J-1

J-2

K-1

One

6 Months

K-2

K-3

K-4

L-1

$587.00

L-2

M-1

M-2

N-8

N-9

NATO 1-7

N/A

O-1

O-2

O-3

P-1

P-2

P-3

P-4

Q-1

15 Months

R-1

$241.00

R-2

S-5

1 Month

S-6

S-7

T-1

T-2

T-3

T-4

T-5

T-6

T-D

U-1

U-2

U-3

U-4

U-5

V-1

V-2

V-3

General Document Information: There is no general information.

Available

Fees: There may be a fee for this service.

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: Registro Civil

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Physical document obtained at the Civil Registry must have stamps. Digital Version of the Birth Certificate has a verifying code that confirms its legitimacy, it does not require stamps.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Various levels of public servants can sign the document, however, the minimum level for birth certificates is “Certificador/a”.

Registration Criteria: There is no specific registration criteria

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants can go in person to the Civil Registry to request a birth certificate. Civil Registry also provides a digital version of the document.

Certified Copies Available: Certified copies are available.

Alternate Documents: Births prior to January 01, 1888 may be evidenced by a baptismal certificate (Fe de Bautismo) issued by an ecclesiastical authority of the Roman Catholic Church.

Exceptions: If a birth subsequent to that date is found not to be recorded in the Civil Registry, it may usually be recorded therein on the basis of a certification from the civil or ecclesiastical authorities of the place of birth.

Death Certificates

Fees: A fee may be charged for this service.

Document Name: Death Certificate

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Physical document obtained at the Civil Registry must have stamps. Digital Version of the Death Certificate has a verifying code that confirms its legitimacy, it does not require stamps.

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Marriage Certificate or Civil Status Certificate

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Physical document obtained at the Civil Registry must have stamps. Digital Version of the Marriage Certificate or Civil Status Certificate has a verifying code that confirms its legitimacy, it does not require stamps.

Adoption Certificates

Document Name: Adoption Decree

Issuing Authority: Judicial, Family Court

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: The adoption decree must have the stamp of the Court on each page of the document.

Identity Card

Document Name: Cedula (for nationals); Dimex (for third country nationals)

Police Certificates

Document Name: Certificado de antecedentes penales

Issuing Authority: Judicial Registry in San José

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Document obtained at the Judicial Registry in San Jose must have the raised seal from the Judicial Registry. Document obtained online will include a Digital Signature from the Judicial Registry.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: San Jose, Costa Rica (Embassy)

Address: Consular Section Unit 2501 APO AA 34020

Visa Services: All visa categories for Costa Rica

Comments / Additional Information: None

