# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Cuba.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Cuba

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification: Fee: Number of Entries: Validity Period:

A-1: None; Multiple, 12 Months

A-2: None; Multiple, 6 Months

A-3: None; One, 2 Months

B-1: None; One, 3 Months

B-2: None; One, 3 Months

C-1: None; One, 3 Months

G-1: None; Multiple, 3 Months

J-1: None; One, 3 Months

K-1: None; One, 6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Fees: Procedures and fees may vary depending on whether the individual requesting the marriage certificate lives in Cuba or abroad.

Cuban citizens living in Cuba: Five CUP stamp.

Cuban citizen living abroad: 125 CUP stamp. Fees vary by consulate.

Document Name: Certificación de matrimonio.

Issuing Authority: Registro del Estado Civil (Civil Registry).

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Registrador (Registrar).

Marriage registrations must include information about both spouses, the place and date of marriage, and details about the spouses’ citizenship and civil statuses.

Procedure for Obtaining: Procedures and fees depend on residency status.

Birth Certificates

Cuban citizens living abroad: 125 CUP stamp. Fees vary by consulate.

Document Name: Certificación de nacimiento.

Registration Criteria: Births must be registered at the Civil Registry office in the area where the birth occurred.

Procedure for Obtaining: Procedures and fees vary based on residency.

U.S. Embassy of the United States of America, Havana, Cuba.

Address: Calzada between L & M Streets | Vedado | Havana | Cuba.

Phone Number: (+53)-7-839-4100.

Since January 4, 2023, the U.S. Embassy in Havana has provided immigrant visa services for Cuban citizens.

