# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Curacao.html

U.S. Visas

Curaçao

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

12 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

D

F-1

H-1B

K-1

One

6 Months

L-1

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Civil documents such as birth, marriage, and death certificates are available by appointment from The Civil Registry and Population Register Office (“Kranshi”).

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: Approximately $12

Document Name: Copy or Extract of the Deed

Issuing Authority: The Civil Registry of Curaçao

Marriage Certificates

Adoption Certificates

Unavailable.

Identity Card

Fees: Approximately $1 for minors (ages 12-17) and $8 for adults.

Document Name: Sedula

Police Certificates

Fees: Varies by age and situation. Please consult the issuing agency.

Document Name: Certificate of Good Conduct ("Verklaring van Goed Gedrag")

Issuing Authority: Minister Van Justitie

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy in Colombia (Embassy)

Address: Carrera 45 No. 24B-27, Bogota, D.C., Colombia

Phone Number: 011 571-275-2000 - Embassy Switchboard

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of Colombia. Immigrant visas for Aruba, Curacao, and Bonaire.

Post Title: Curaçao (Consulate General)

Address: J.B. Gorsiraweg #1, Willemstad, Curacao

Phone Number: 011-5999-461-3066

Visa Services: Limited nonimmigrant visa processing.

