# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Cyprus.html

U.S. Visas

Cyprus

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

A-1, None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 48 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 48 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 48 Months

F-1, $140.00, Multiple, 48 Months

F-2, $140.00, Multiple, 48 Months

General Documents

The following describes documents issued in and maintained by the Republic of Cyprus.

Birth Certificates: Available, Yes. A birth certificate is mandatory for children born in Cyprus, regardless of the parents' immigration status in Cyprus.

Marriage Certificates: Available, Yes.

Marriage Certificate / Πιστοποιητικό Γάμου / Evlenme Cüzdani, Fees: €34.17

Divorce Certificates: Available, Yes.

Document Name: Divorce Certificate / Πιστοποιητικό Διαζυγίου / Bosanma Belgesi

Fees: Varies.

Passports: Document Name: Passport / Διαβατήριο / Pasaport

Fees: Temporary Passport - €20, Passports without biometric data - €50, Biometric passports - €70.

Nicosia, Cyprus

Embassy of the United States of America, Address: Metochiou & Ploutarchou Streets, Engomi, 2407 Nicosia, Cyprus.

Phone Number: +357 22 39 39 39

Visa Services: Embassy Nicosia provides non-immigrant and immigrant visa services.

