# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Denmark.html

U.S. Visas

Denmark

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Issuance

H-1B: $227.00; Multiple; 60 Months

R-1: $1,169.00; Multiple; 60 Months

Procedure for Obtaining: To obtain an adoption certificate, contact the Agency of Family Law.

Issuing Authority: Familieretshuset (The Agency of Family Law)

Marriage Certificates: Fees: None; Document Name: Vielsesattest (Marriage Certificate)

Issuing Authority: Danish National Police; Fees: None; Document Name: Straffeattest (Certificate of Criminal Record)

Copenhagen, Denmark (Embassy); Address: Dag Hammarskjölds Allé 24, 2100 København Ø; Telephone: (+45) 33 41 71 00; Web: https://dk.usembassy.gov

