# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Djibouti.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Djibouti

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification | Fee | Number of Entries | Validity Period

A-1 | None | Multiple | 36 Months

A-2 | None | Multiple | 36 Months

A-3 | None | Multiple | 36 Months

B-1 | None | One | 3 Months

B-2 | None | One | 3 Months

C-1 | None | One | 1 Month

D | None | One | 1 Month

F-1 | $155.00 | Multiple | 12 Months

H-1B | $135.00 | Multiple | 36 Months

J-1 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

K-1 | None | One | 6 Months

National ID Cards

Available

Fee: 2,000 Djiboutian Francs

Document Name: Carte Nationale d’Identité

Issuing Authority: Ahmed Omar Djama, Directeur du Service de la Population

Post Title: U.S. Embassy in Djibouti

Address: Lot Number 350-B, Lotissement Haramous, Djibouti, Republic of Djibouti

Phone Number: Tel: (253) 35-39-95, (253) 35-13-43 (after hours)

Visa Services: All visa categories for Djibouti

Comments / Additional Information: The U.S. Embassy in Djibouti does not assist with Djibouti visa matters for non-Djiboutian applicants seeking to have their cases processed in Djibouti.

