# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Ecuador.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Ecuador

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

C-1/D

C-2

12 Months

C-3

General Documents

Documents must be obtained personally by the interested party or by a representative with a power of attorney signed by the interested party. Since experience has shown that Ecuadorian civil documents may contain erroneous information, even though they may actually have been obtained from the correct local authority, the Embassy in Quito and the Consulate General in Guayaquil are pleased to assist in verifying Ecuadorian documents submitted at other consular posts.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: $3.00

Issuing Authority: The National Civil Registry (Dirección General de Registro Civil, Identificación y Cedulación) and the Corporación Registro Civil de Guayaquil.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: The only acceptable documents are: 1) “Inscripción de Matrimonio” issued by the National Civil Registry, 2) “Acta de Matrimonio en Sede” issued by the National Civil Registry, and 3) “Libro de Matrimonios” issued by the Corporación Registro Civil de Guayaquil.

Identity Card

Fees: $5.00 at National Civil Registry and $10.00 at Corporación Registro Civil de Guayaquil

Issuing Authority: The Civil Registry offices nationwide and the Corporación Registro Civil de Guayaquil

Police Certificates

Available: To those 18 and older.

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Certificado de Antecedentes Penales.

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Government

Visa Issuing Posts

Quito, Ecuador (Embassy)-- Nonimmigrant Visas Only

Guayaquil, Ecuador (Consulate General) -- All Categories

Check back later for updates.

