# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Egypt.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Egypt

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 60 Months

B-2 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

Passport and Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official and Service Passports

Fees: The fee associated with first-time issuance of an Egyptian passport is 120 Egyptian Pounds (LE).

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Government Authority: The Ministry of Interior prints all passports.

Procedure for Obtaining: Forms to request Egyptian passports or other travel documents are available free of charge at the Egyptian Immigration Office.

Police Certificates

Available: Both Egyptians and foreigners, who were born in, permanently reside in, or have resided in Egypt in the past may obtain police certificates.

Fees: There are no fees.

Issuing Authority: Police stations throughout Egypt

Court/Prison Records

Available: Egyptians can obtain court records using the same process Egyptians would use to obtain police certificates.

