# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/ElSalvador.html

U.S. Visas

El Salvador

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

C-2

12 Months

D

Identity Card

Available

Fees: USD $10.31 if applying in El Salvador and USD $35 if applying at a Salvadoran Consulate

The National ID card of El Salvador is called DUI (Documento Único de Identidad)

Issuing Authority: National Registry of Natural Persons (Registro Nacional de las Personas Naturales)

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants must schedule an appointment at http://dui.sv/ or call (503) 2555-1900. Walk-ins are not accepted.

Certificate of Criminal Records

Fees: USD $3.00

Document Name: Certificate of Criminal Records (Constancia de Antecedentes Penales)

Issuing Authority: General Prisons Directorate (Dirección General de Centros Penales)

Procedure for Obtaining: Salvadoran Citizens can request a prison record online through http://simple.sv/. If the applicant is in El Salvador, they can apply in person.

Visa Issuing Posts

San Salvador, El Salvador (Embassy)

APO AA 34023-3114

Visa Services

All visa categories for all of El Salvador.

