# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Eritrea.html

U.S. Visas

Eritrea

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 24 Months

A-2 None Multiple 24 Months

A-3 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

B-1/B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None One 3 Months

C-2 None One 3 Months

D None One 3 Months

Validity of Visas

Documentation

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Available Fees: 76 Nakfa ($5 USD)

Issuing Authority: Public Registration office

Procedure for Obtaining: Requests for copies of previously issued birth certificates should be addressed to the Office of Civil Status, Municipality of Asmara.

Eritrean ID card

Fees: 100 Nakfa

Issuing Authority: Department of Immigration and Nationality

Passport: Fees: 4000 Nakfa ($266 USD)

Passport procedures

Visa Services

NIV: Embassy Asmara processes Non-Immigrant Visas for nationals, subjects and residents of Eritrea.

IV: Embassy Asmara does not process Immigrant Visas.

Embassy Address: 179 Alaa Street, P. O. Box 211, Asmara, Eritrea

Phone Number: Tel: (291-1) 12-00-04, Fax: (291-1) 12-42-55/ (291-1) 12-75-84

Email: ConsularAsmara@state.gov

