# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/EquatorialGuinea.html

U.S. Visas

Equatorial Guinea

Republic of Equatorial Guinea

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa
 Classification

Fee

Number
 of Entries

Validity
 Period

A-1

None

Multiple

24 Months

B-1

One

3 Months

C-1

H-1B

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

General Documents

Available. However, Equatorial Guinea does not yet have an established system of recording vital statistics.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Identity Card

Police Records

May be available but there is no reliable, consistent way for Equatoguineans or third country nationals (TCN) living outside of Equatorial Guinea to obtain police records.

Visa Issuing Posts

Malabo (Embassy) -- Nonimmigrant Visas

Street Address: Carretera Aeropuerto, KM-3 (El Paraiso)

Tel: (240) 098895

Yaounde, Cameroon (Embassy) -- Immigrant Visas

Avenue Rosa Parks

Nonimmigrant Visas for all of Equatorial Guinea. IV applications for nationals of the Equatorial Guinea are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Yaounde, Cameroon.

