# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Estonia.html

U.S. Visas

Estonia

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Issuance Fee Schedule

A-1: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

A-3: None, Multiple Entries, 24 Months

B-1: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

B-2: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

B-1/B-2: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

C-1: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

C-1/D: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

C-2: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

C-3: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

CW-1: None, Multiple Entries, 12 Months

CW-2: None, Multiple Entries, 12 Months

D: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

E-1: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

E-2: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

E-2C: None, Multiple Entries, 24 Months

F-1: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

F-2: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

G-1: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

G-2: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

G-3: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

G-4: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

H-1B: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

H-2A: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

H-2B: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

K-1: None, One Entry, 6 Months

Marriage Certificates: Available, Fees: No fees for first time issuance but there is a fee of 20 euros for additional paper copies or 5 euros for an electronic statement.

Birth Certificates: Available, Procedure for Obtaining: The parents must present personal identification as well as the birth certification they received from the hospital.

Death/Burial Certificates: Available, Procedure for Obtaining: The next-of-kin of the deceased no longer needs to register the death at a vital statistics institution.

Adoption Certificates: Available to the adoptive child and his/her adoptive parents.

Identity Card: Available, Fees: Persons under 18 years pay 20 euros, over 18 years pay 45 euros.

Visa Issuing Posts: Embassy, Address: U.S. Embassy in Tallinn Kentmanni 20, Tel: (372) 668-8100

