# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Eswatini.html

U.S. Visas

Eswatini

Kingdom of Eswatini

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

36 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

60 Months

D

H-1B

$275.00

I

$295.00

J-1

K-1

One

6 Months

Birth Certificates

Available: Yes

Fees: 0-2 years of age: 5 Emalangeni. Older: 25 Emalangeni

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: Registrar General

Death Certificates

Fees: 5 Emalangeni

Document Name: Death Certificates

Marriage Certificates

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Marriage Certificates

Divorce Certificates

Document Name: Divorce Certificates

Issuing Authority: District Court

Military Records

Document Name: Military Records

Issuing Authority: Army Commander, Umbutfo Eswatini Defense Force (USDF)

Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): Regular, Diplomatic, Service

Fees: 150 Emalangeni

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Government Authority: Government of Eswatini

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Embassy

Address: Corner of MR103 and Cultural Centre Drive, Ezulwini, Eswatini

Mailing Address: PO Box D202, The Gables H106, Eswatini

Phone Number: 268-2417-9000

Visa Services

Nonimmigrant visas for all of Eswatini. Immigrant visa applications for nationals of Eswatini are processed by the U.S. Consulate General in Johannesburg, South Africa.

