# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Fiji.html

U.S. Visas

English

Fiji

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Birth

Available

Fees: New birth registrations (registered within a year) are free, with a birth certificate issuance cost of FJD$2.20. Late birth registration (registered one year or later after birth) involves a penalty fee of FJD$10.90, including birth certificate issuance.

Document Name: Birth registration/certificate

Issuing Authority: Suva Registrar of Births, Deaths and Marriages Office

Death/Burial

Fees: FJD$2.20

Document Name: Death Registration/Death Certificate

Marriage Certificates

Fees: FJD$5.45 (Standard Certificate), FJD$14.90 (Tapa Design Certificate)

Document Name: Marriage Registration/Marriage Certificate

Adoption Certificates

Fees: There is a fee for this service.

Document Name: Adoption Order

Police, Court, Prison Records

Court Records

Document Name: Certificate of Proceedings

Police Records

Document Name: Fiji Police Certificate/Record

Prison Records

Document Name: Prison Record

Military Records

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Letter of Confirmation

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Ordinary Passport, Diplomatic Passport, Certificate of Identity

Fees: FJD$76 for an ordinary passport

Document Name: Ordinary Passport/Diplomatic Passport/Emergency Passport/Certificate of Identity

Other Records

Available: Only to indigenous Fijians from the Native Lands Commission

Document Name: i-Taukei Vola Ni Kawabula

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Suva, Fiji (Embassy)

Address: 158 Princes Road, P.O. Box 218, Suva, Fiji

Phone Number: (+679) 331-4466

Visa Services

The U.S. Embassy in Suva, Fiji provides all visa services for Fiji and the following areas: French Polynesia, Kiribati, Nauru, New Caledonia, Tonga, Tuvalu, Wallis and Futuna Islands.

