# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Germany.html

U.S. Visas

Germany

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classifications Table

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Post Title: U.S. Embassy in Berlin, Germany

Mailing Address: PSC 120 Box 3000, APO AE 09265

Street Address: Clayallee 170, 14195 Berlin-Dahlem

Tel: +49 (0)30 8305-0

Visa Services: Nonimmigrant Visas Only

Post Title: U.S. Consulate General in Frankfurt, Germany

Street Address: Gießener Straße 30, 60435 Frankfurt am Main

Tel: +49-(0)69-7535-0

Visa Services: All categories, including K and E visa applications.

Post Title: U.S. Consulate General in Munich, Germany

Street Address: Koeniginstraße 5, 80539 Munich

Tel: 49-(0)89-2888-0

Visa Services: Nonimmigrant Visas Only.

