# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Gibraltar.html

U.S. Visas

Gibraltar

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification | Fee | Number of Entries | Validity Period

A-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

A-2 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

A-3 | None | Multiple | 24 Months

B-1 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

B-2 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

B-1/B-2 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

C-1 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

D | None | Multiple | 120 Months

Visa Issuing Posts

Casablanca, Morocco (Consulate General) -- Nonimmigrant and Immigrant Visas

Visa Services: Immigrant visas and non-immigrant visas are processed at the U.S. Consulate in Casablanca, Morocco. The Consulate in Casablanca is located at: 8 Blvd Moulay Youssef, Casablanca, Morocco.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness, and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

