# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Ghana.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Ghana

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

There are currently only four individuals with the authority to sign birth and death certificates.

Birth Certificates

Available: Free if the child is registered within 12 months of its birth. After 12 months, the fee is GHC 20

Document Name: Certified copy of Entry in Register of Births

Issuing Authority: Registrar of Births and Deaths of Ghana

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Computer generated certificate on green A4-sized paper. Approx. 2cm square 3D holographic security sticker reading CONTROLLER AND ACCOUNTANT GENERAL.

Registration Criteria: Within the first 12 months of the birth, the parents should present a “weighing card” or “welfare centre card” which is provided at the child’s first well-baby visit with a medical practitioner.

Death Certificates

Available: Free if the death is registered within seven days. After seven days the fee is GHC 30.

Document Name: Certified Copy of Entry in Register of Deaths

Marriage Certificates

Available: For civil, customary, and Islamic (Mohammedan) marriages.

Fees: Civil marriage fees vary from GHC 200 to GHC 400, depending on the registration office where the application is lodged.

Document Name: Certificate of Marriage

Issuing Authority: Registrar General’s Office

Adoption Certificates

Available: Fees: None at this time.

Document Name: Adoption decree

Issuing Authority: The high courts grant adoption. District courts do not have the authority to grant adoptions.

Identity Card

The National Identity Card is issued by the National Identification Authority to all Ghanaian citizens living in Ghana and abroad and all legally and permanently resident foreigners in Ghana.

Military Records

Available: There may be a fee for this service.

Document Name: Military Records

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Defense

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy in Ghana

Address: No. 24, Fourth Circular Rd, Cantonments, Accra, GHANA

Email: consularaccra@state.gov

