# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Grenada.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Grenada

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

D, None, Multiple, 120 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2A, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: EC $5.00 Stamp, $1.00 Search, $1.00 Certificate. Total: EC $7.00

Marriage Register

Available from the Registrar General's Office, St. George's, Grenada. Records are complete since 1903.

Divorce Certificates

Fees: EC $2.50 for a Decree Nisi and EC $1.00 for a Decree Absolute.

Procedure for Obtaining: Contact the Registrar General's Office in St. George's, Grenada.

Police Certificates

Fees: EC $10.00

Certificate of Character

Available from the Commissioner of Police – Criminal Records Office, Police Headquarters, St. George's, Grenada.

Issuing Authority: Commissioner of Police, Grenada.

Grenada is a member of the Caribbean Community and Common Market (CARICOM) and issues standard CARICOM passports, which are ICAO compliant.

Visa Issuing Posts

Embassy of the United States Barbados, the Eastern Caribbean and the OECS

Address: Wildey Business Park, Wildey, St. Michael BB 14006, Barbados, W.I.

Phone Number: Main switchboard: (246) 227-4000

Nonimmigrant and immigrant visa applications for nationals of Grenada are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados.

