# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Greece.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Greece

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

CW-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

CW-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 120 Months

E-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

E-2, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C, None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

F-1, $80.00, Multiple, 60 Months

F-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-5, None, Multiple, 24 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 11 Months

H-1C, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2A, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2B, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2R, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

I, None, Multiple, 9 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

K-2, None, One, 6 Months

K-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

K-4, None, Multiple, 24 Months

L-1, None, Multiple, 11 Months

L-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-8, None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-9, None, Multiple, 60 Months

NATO 1-6, None, Multiple, 60 Months

NATO-7, None, Multiple, 24 Months

O-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Q-1, None, Multiple, 15 Months

R-1, None, Multiple, 11 Months

R-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

S-5, None, One, 1 Month

S-6, None, One, 1 Month

S-7, None, One, 1 Month

T-1, N/A, N/A, N/A

T-2, None, One, 6 Months

T-3, None, One, 6 Months

T-4, None, One, 6 Months

T-5, None, One, 6 Months

T-6, None, One, 6 Months

TD, N/A, N/A, N/A

U-1, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-2, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-3, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-4, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-5, None, Multiple, 48 Months

V-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-3, None, Multiple, 120 Months

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy in Athens (Embassy)

Mailing Address: Department of State, Immigrant Visa Unit, 7100 Athens, Place, Washington, DC 20521-7100

Address: Vasilissis Sophias 91, 101 60 Athens, Greece

Phone Number: (30) (210) 7212-951-8

E-mail: athensconsul@state.gov

Fax: 2310-242927

Visa Services: All categories for all of Greece.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

