# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Guatemala.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Guatemala

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B, $295.00, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2A, None, Multiple, 60 Months

I, $315.00, Multiple, 60 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

General Documents

There is no general document information.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: Quetzal 15 in person and 19 online (approximately $2.00)

Document Name: Certificado de Nacimiento

Issuing Authority: If you are the applicant, request birth certificates from RENAP (National Registry of Persons) and not from your city or town.

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Certificado de Matrimonio

Issuing Authority: If you are the applicant, request marriage certificates from RENAP (National Registry of Persons) and not from your municipality.

Adoption Certificates

Fees: Quetzal 25 (Approximately $3.50)

Document Name: Certificado de Adopcion

Issuing Authority: RENAP – National Registry of Persons.

Identity Card

National ID Cards

Fees: Quetzal 85 (approximately $11.50)

Document Name: Documento Personal de Identificación (DPI)

Issuing Authority: RENAP

Police, Court, Prison Records

Police Certificates

Fees: Free service

Document Name: Antecedentes

Issuing Authority: Ministerio Publico (Public Ministry).

Visa Issuing Posts

Guatemala, Guatemala (Embassy)

Street Address: Boulevard Austriaco 11-51, Zone 16 Guatemala City, Guatemala

Tel: (011)(502) 2376 1978 or if calling from the U.S. (703) 745 5477

Visa Services

All visa categories for all of Guatemala.

