# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Guinea-Bissau.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Guinea-Bissau

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 12 Months

A-2 None Multiple 12 Months

A-3 1 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

B-1/B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None Two 3 Months

C-2 None Two 3 Months

D None One 3 Months

The validity of A-3, G-5, and NATO 7 visas may not exceed the validity of the visa issued to the person who is employing the applicant.

An E-1 and E-2 visa may be issued only to a principal alien who is a national of a country having a treaty, or its equivalent, with the United States.

The validity of H-1 through H-3, O-1 and O-2, P-1 through P-3, and Q visas may not exceed the period of validity of the approved petition.

There is no reciprocity fee for the issuance of a J visa if the alien is a United States Government grantee or a participant in an exchange program sponsored by the United States Government.

The U.S. Embassy suspended operations and all U.S. Government personnel departed Guinea Bissau as of June 14, 1998.

Immigrant and Nonimmigrant visa applications for nationals of Guinea Bissau are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Dakar, Senegal.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Visa Issuing Posts

Dakar, Senegal (Embassy) -- Immigrant Visas, Nonimmigrant Visas, American Citizen Services.

