# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Guinea.html

U.S. Visas

Guinea

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, One, 3 Months

B-2, None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2, None, One, 3 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 36 Months

D, None, Multiple, 36 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

F-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-3, None, Multiple, 36 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 36 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: 50,000 GNF for Guinean couples/ 550.000 GNF for foreign citizens. These fees are subject to change

Document Name: Extrait d’acte de marriage (Declarant)

Issuing Authority: La Mairie’s office ou la Commune

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: It should have the seal (ink stamp) of the “Officier d’Etat-Civil” or “Officier d’Etat-Civil délégué” and his/her signature.

Registration Criteria: A certificat de mariage is always made at the commune where one of the fiancés lives.

Procedure for Obtaining: The Fiancés should apply at La Mairie’s office where one of the future spouses lives.

Certified Copies Available: Applicants can go to la “Mairie” at any time to obtain a certified copy of their Marriage certificates.

Adoption Certificates

Fees: 4,000,000 GNF for national adoption, 11,000,000 GNF for international adoption

Document Name: Jugement d’adoption

Issuing Authority: Le tribunal de Première Instance /La justice de paix

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: All adoption decrees should have the seal (ink stamp) of the court clerk and his/her signature.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Le President du tribunal or le Greffier en chef (now called chef du greffe)

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Embassy

Address: Street Address: Traversale No. 2, Centre Administratif de Koloma, Commne de Ratoma, Conakry, Republique de Guinee

Mailing Address: B.P. 603, Conakry, Guinea

Phone Number: Tel: 224-30-42-08-61/62/63/64/65, Fax: 224-30-42-08-73

Visa Services: All nonimmigrant visas for Guinea (excluding K-1 and K-2 visas) Immigrant visas for nationals of Guinea are processed at US Embassy Dakar, Senegal.

