# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Guyana.html

U.S. Visas

Guyana

Co-operative Republic of Guyana

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

D

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

Please check back for update.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: For applicants present in Guyana, the fee is GY$300. Applicants applying from outside of Guyana must contact the nearest Guyana Mission or Consulate for more information.

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: General Register Office (GRO)

Registration Criteria: Registration form (completed in triplicate), A valid form of identification, Proof of the child’s birth, such as hospital records or a letter from the attending midwife, physician or healthcare provider.

Processing time for applications made in-person is one week, while mail-in applications take one to two months.

Death Certificates

Fees: For applicants present in Guyana the fee is GY$300. Applicants applying from outside of Guyana must contact the nearest Guyana Mission/Consulate.

Document Name: Death Certificate

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Registrar General

Marriage Certificates

Fees: For applicants present in Guyana the fee is GY$300. Applicants applying from outside of Guyana must contact the nearest Guyana Mission or Consulate for more information.

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Marriage Registration Forms are issued by the Marriage Officer who solemnized the marriage.

Adoption Certificates

Document Name: Adoption Certificate

Police Certificates

Fees: GY$500

Document Name: Police Certificate of Character

Issuing Authority: Guyana Police Force, Criminal Records Office (CRO)

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Guyana Police Force.

Court/Prison Records

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Prison Records

Issuing Authority: Guyana Prison Service (Headquarters/Branch Offices)

Military Records

Document Name: Discharge letter/SOS letter

Issuing Authority: Guyana Defense Force (GDF)

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): Regular, Diplomatic, Official/Service

Fees vary depending on document type and processing time.

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Government Authority: The Central Immigration and Passport Office

Embassy Georgetown (Visa Issuing Posts)

All visa categories for all of Guyana. Immigrant visas for nationals of Suriname and French Guiana are processed at Embassy Georgetown.

