# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Haiti.html

U.S. Visas

Haiti

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1: None, One, 3 Months

B-2: None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-1: None, One, 3 Months

C-1/D: None, One, 3 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, and Official: Diplomatic, regular and official passports are issued, all Haitian passports are machine readable. Haiti also issues a Permis de Sejour (Residence permit) to every non-Haitian person over the age of 21 who intends to remain in Haiti for more than three months.

Fees: Domestically, the cost is 6,000 HTG.

Document Name: Passport; Permis de Sejour.

Issuing Government Authority: Ministry of Interior, Haitian Immigration.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Regular passports are blue, diplomatic passports are red, official passports are green, and the Permis de Sejour is brown.

Procedure for Obtaining: Must present to General Directorate of Taxes to pay the 6,000 HTG fee, and then take the receipt, birth extract, ID card, and application to immigration for application.

