# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/HongKong.html

U.S. Visas

Hong Kong

Visa Classifications

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Table of Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1/D: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

F-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

D: None, Multiple, 120 Months

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Consulate General Hong Kong and Macau

Address: 26 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong

Phone Number: (852) 2523-9011

Email: hk.usconsulate.gov

Certificate of No Criminal Conviction (CNCC)

Available

Fees: Currently the fee is HK$283. On October 6, 2025, the fee will increase to HK$311.

Issuing Authority: Hong Kong Police Force

Documents required for applying for CNCC

Procedure for Obtaining: Individuals residing in Hong Kong must appear in person at the Certificate of No Criminal Conviction Office.

