# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Hungary.html

U.S. Visas

Hungary

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

48 Months

A-2

A-3

12 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

60 Months

C-1/D

C-2

One

C-3

General Documents

Documents and records are normally obtainable by persons within Hungary in one week to one month. Persons outside Hungary, however, may have to wait 3-4 three to four months to obtain documents through a Hungarian Embassy or Consulate. The Hungarian Embassy or Consulate may charge an extra fee for the this service since the documents should be obtained from Hungary.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: The first certificate is free of charge. Additional copies may be available for an additional fee.

Document Name: Születési Anyakönyvi Kivonat

Issuing Authority: Vital Records Office (Anyakönyvi Hivatal)

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Pink

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Vital Records Office (Anyakönyvi Hivatal)

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants may apply in person or electronically after registering on the online government’s customer portal (Ügyfélkapu).

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Házassági Anyakönyvi Kivonat

Marriage certificates issued by the Vital Records Office will indicate under "Remark" that the marriage has been legally dissolved.

Divorce Certificates

Fees: There are no fees.

Issuing Authority: Court in which the decree was issued.

Certificate of Criminal Record (Hatósági Erkölcsi Bizonyítvány) from the Department of Criminal Registry, Ministry of Interior.

U.S. Embassy Budapest

Mailing Address: c/o AmEmb (BUD) APO AE 20521-5270

Street Address: 1054 Budapest Szabadsag tér 12

Phone number: During office hours: (36-1) 475-4400 (Local time: GMT +1)

