# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Honduras.html

U.S. Visas

Honduras

Republic of Honduras

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

CW-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

CW-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

E-1, $85.00, Multiple, 60 Months

E-2, $85.00, Multiple, 60 Months

E-2C, None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-1, $165.00, Multiple, 60 Months

F-2, $165.00, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-5, None, Multiple, 24 Months

H-1B, $155.00, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1C, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2A, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2B, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2R, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

I, None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

K-2, None, One, 6 Months

K-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

K-4, None, Multiple, 24 Months

L-1, $395.00, Multiple, 60 Months

L-2, $395.00, Multiple, 60 Months

M-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-8, None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-9, None, Multiple, 60 Months

NATO 1-7, N/A, N/A, N/A

O-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Q-1, None, Multiple, 15 Months

R-1, $155.00, Multiple, 60 Months

R-2, $155.00, Multiple, 60 Months

S-5, None, One, 1 Month

S-6, None, One, 1 Month

S-7, None, One, 1 Month

T-1, N/A, N/A, N/A

T-2, None, One, 6 Months

T-3, None, One, 6 Months

T-4, None, One, 6 Months

T-5, None, One, 6 Months

T-6, None, One, 6 Months

TD, N/A, N/A, N/A

U-1, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-2, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-3, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-4, None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-5, None, Multiple, 48 Months

V-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-3, None, Multiple, 120 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

There is no general document information.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There is no fee

Document Name: Copy of Birth Folio (Copia de Folio del Libro de Nacimientos)

Issuing Authority: Registro Nacional de las Personas (RNP)

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Certified copy of Folio (original seal and signature from the registrar of the issuance RNP’s office)

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Registrar

Registration Criteria: If a child is not registered on 6 months after birth, parents will need a Resolution from the RPN’s “Oficialía Civil”. The procedure is called a “Reposición por Omisión”.

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants residing inside of Honduras: Walk-in at the RNP offices. Applicants residing outside of Honduras: Applicants may send proxies in their stead to request official documents, but the offices have the right to request a notarized document from the applicant granting the proxy permission. Applicants may obtain these notarized statements at any Honduran Consulate and mail the certified forms to their proxies in Honduras.

Certified Copies Available: Certified copies are available

Alternate Documents: Birth folios prior to 1984 may be hand-written with the RNP stamp or logo on the document. Starting in 2000, folios were typed.

Exceptions: None

Comments: For immigration purposes the Immigrant Visa Unit requires the Copy of Birth Folio. Expedientes de vida, hoja de vida, literals, certificacions, and its annotations are not acceptable for immigrant visa processing.

Death Certificates

Fees: L 200.00 (USD $10.00)

Document Name: Certificación de Acta de Defunción Exhibit D

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: There is no special seal(s)/color/format

Registration Criteria: There is an additional penalty for registrations more than three months after death.

Procedure for Obtaining: Walk-in at any Registro Nacional de las Personas (RNP)

Certified Copies Available: Certified copies are not available

Alternate Documents: There are no alternate documents

Comments: None

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Copy of Marriage Folio (Copia de Folio del Libro de Matrimonios)

Issuing Authority: Registro Nacional de las Personas (RNP) where the marriage occurred

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Certified copy of folio (original seal and signature from the registrar of the issuance RNP's office)

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: RNP Registrar

Registration Criteria: There is no required timeframe, however, the marriage is not legally valid until it is registered.

Alternate Documents: Marriage folios prior to 1984 may be hand-written with the RNP stamp or logo on the document. Starting in 2000, folios were typed.

Comments: Only civil marriages are legally recognized; religious documents have no civil value. The RNP has two variations of the marriage certificate. For immigrant purposes, the Immigrant Visa Unit requires the ‘Folio de Matrimonio’. Expedientes de vida, hoja de vida, literals, certificacions, and its annotations are not acceptable for immigrant visa processing.

Divorce Certificates

Issuing Authority: RNP Registrar

Registration Criteria: Divorces are only registered by a family court order. Marginal annotations of divorces (if any) should be annotated in the marriage folio. There is no timeframe, however, the divorce is not legally valid until it is registered.

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants residing inside of Honduras: Walk-in person at the RNP offices. Applicants residing outside of Honduras: Applicants may send proxies in their stead to request official documents, but the offices have the right to request a notarized document from the applicant granting the proxy permission. Applicants may obtain these notarized statements at any Honduran Consulate and mail the certified forms to their proxies in Honduras.

Comments: According to Honduran law, only divorces communicated and registered in the Registro Nacional de las Personas are valid. This includes foreign divorces of Honduran marriages, which are not considered valid unless they are either: 1) Notarized by a Honduran consulate. Submit the notarized divorce decree to the RPN’s “Secretaria General” who will subsequently issue a resolution to register the divorce at the local RNP office where the marriage took place; or 2) Petition an “Auto de Pariatis” to the Honduran Supreme Court, which is akin to the U.S process for domesticating foreign judgments.

Adoption Certificates

Comments: There is a hand-written adoption certificate issued one time by the RNP in Francisco Morazán only. Afterwards, the original birth certificate of the child is cancelled and a new one is issued according to the adoption certificate.

Identity Card

Fees: No fee the first time

Document Name: Tarjeta de Identidad

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Plastic card

Registration Criteria: They are obtained when a person reaches the age of 18

Procedure for Obtaining: Request it in-person at any Registro Nacional de las Personas (RNP)

Comments: National ID cards had no fee until December 2017. Possible fees may apply now.

Police Certificates

Fees: L200.00 (USD $10.00)

Document Name: Constancia de Antecedentes Policiales

Issuing Authority: Police with logo official paper

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Secretary of Security, Department of Police Records

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Chief of the Court Archive

Registration Criteria: All criminal complaints filed against individuals remain in the police record system until either the complaining party formally drops the charges or the case has been formally adjudicated.

Procedure for Obtaining: The Police Certificate is now valid for 2 years and can be obtained in electronic and physical version. To obtain the electronic version of the police certificate please follow the link. For walk-in applicants, they must present a Honduran identification card, a copy of the card, and a letter of request addressed to the Director of the DPI. Payable at the DPI cashier, it will be issued immediately.

Alternate Documents: None

Comments: For persons living outside of Honduras, a lawyer or close family member can apply for the record by presenting a copy of the applicant's identification, a letter of authorization, and the letter of request. Normal processing time is less than one week. Police records from before 1995 may not be available. There may be a fee for this service. Police certificates are unavailable for applicants under 18 years of age because the database does not contain information for children under the age of 18.

Court/Prison Records

Document Name: Antecedentes Judiciales

Issuing Authority: Criminal Courts

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Supreme Court with official logo paper

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: The Criminal Court Secretary

Registration Criteria: Records will only display in the case of a conviction

Procedure for Obtaining: Pay the fee at a Banco Atlantida and go with the receipt to the court

Comments: This document will be required only by the Consular Officer at the time of the interview, if necessary.

Military Records

Unavailable.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): Regular, Diplomatic, Official

Fees:

Regular: L819.00 (USD $35.00) for 5 years, L1169.00 (USD$50.00) for 10 years

Diplomatic: L 475.00 (USD $20.00)

Official: L475.00 (USD $20.00)

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Government Authority:

Regular: Instituto Nacional de Migracion (INM)

Diplomatic: Foreign Affairs Ministry

Official: Foreign Affairs Ministry

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format:

Regular: The two versions of the regular passport have soft blue covers and have either the Seal of Honduras or a map of Central America embossed in gold. It has 50 blue pages.

Diplomatic: There are two versions of the diplomatic passport. Both have a soft black cover embossed in gold with 'Pasaporte Diplomatico' inscribed at the bottom. One has the seal of Honduras on the cover and 50 blue pages while the other version has a map of Central America on the cover and 50 blue pages. Validity is normally for three years or 'for however long the bearer is carrying out his duties'.

Official: The official passport has a soft blue cover, 'Pasaporte Oficial' inscribed at the bottom and either the Seal of Honduras or a map of Central America, all embossed in gold. The passport has 50 blue pages. Validity is either for three years or 'for however long the bearer is carrying out his duties.'

Issuing Authority Personnel Title:

Regular: INM Chief

Diplomatic: Foreign Minister Secretary

Official: Foreign Minister Secretary

Registration Criteria: There are no registration criteria

Procedure for Obtaining:

Regular: Pay the fee at a Banco Atlantida and the bank will issue a receipt with an appointment date to go to Honduras' INS.

Diplomatic: There is no procedure for obtaining

Official: There is no procedure for obtaining

Comments: Applicants over 21 need to present their Honduran ID card and, if younger than 21, they need to present their birth certificate and be accompanied by both parents.

Other Records

There are no other records.

Visa Issuing Posts

Tegucigalpa (Embassy)

Mailing Address: 3480 Tegucigalpa Place, Washington, DC 20521-3480

Street Address: Immigrant Visa Section, Avenida La Paz, Tegucigalpa, Honduras

Phone Number: 011 504 2238-5114 x 4287

Visa Services

All visa categories for all of Honduras.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

