# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/India.html

U.S. Visas

India

Visa Classifications

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

General Documents

Individuals residing outside of India may obtain documents from the state or local government entity with jurisdiction over the district of their previous residence.

Birth Certificates

Available: For persons born after April 1, 1970, birth certificates are available.

Fees: Fees vary from each municipal authority.

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: Municipal authority, or any office authorized to issue birth and death certificates by the Registrar of Births & Deaths.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Available

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Issuing Authority: Religious authorities and the offices of the Government Registrar of Marriages.

Police Certificates

Document Name: All Indian nationals aged 16 and above, residing in India - Police Clearance Certificate.

Post Title: Mumbai, India (Consulate General)

Address: C-49, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai 400051

Phone: (022) 2672-4000

Visa Services: Immigrant visas, Nonimmigrant visas

