# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/IranIslamicRepublicof.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Iran, Islamic Republic of

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

A-2

None

One

3 Months

B-1

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

CW-1

D

H-1B

$19.00

K-1

6 Months

Marriage Certificate

Sanad-e aghd; Sanad Sanad-e ezdevaj

National Organization of Registration of Documents and Property

Divorce Certificate

Sanad-e Talagh

General Issuing Authority Information

National Organization for Civil Registration

Birth Certificates Available

Fees: Varies

Issuing Authority: National Organization of Civil Registration

Document Name: Shenasnameh ('Birth certificate' or 'identity certificate')

Military Records

Kart-e Sarbazi (military card); Kart-e Payan-e Khedmat doreye Zaroorat (service completion card); or Kart-e Mo’afiyat az khedmate doreye zaroorat (exemption card).

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.)

Passport of the Islamic Republic of Iran (Gozarnameh-ye Jomhuriye Eslamiye Iran)

U.S. Virtual Embassy Iran – ir.usembassy.gov

U.S. Embassy Abu Dhabi – ae.usembassy.gov

Immigrant visas for Iran nationals will be processed at the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi, the U.S. Embassy in Ankara, and the U.S. Embassy in Yerevan starting November 1, 2025.

