# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Indonesia.html

U.S. Visas

English

Tourism & Visit

Business

Employment

Study & Exchange

Immigrate

Other Visa Categories

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Indonesia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Certificate of No Impediment (CNI) is an affidavit stating that you are legally free to marry.

General Documents

Most of the documents listed below can be obtained from Civil Registry Office (Dinas Kependudukan dan Pencatatan Sipil or Disdukcapil) in a specific area.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Akta Kelahiran

Issuing Authority: Civil Registry Office (Disdukcapil) that has jurisdiction over the person’s place of birth.

Death Certificates

Document Name: Akta Kematian

Issuing Authority: Civil Registry Office (Dinas Kependudukan dan Pencatatan Sipil or Disdukcapil) that has jurisdiction over the deceased place of death.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: There are no fees, except if the wedding takes place outside of the Office of Religious Affairs (Kantor Urusan Agama or KUA).

Divorce Certificates

Document Name: Akta Perceraian

Issuing Authority: For Muslims: Religious court; For all other religions: District court.

Adoption Certificates

Fees: Administration Fee

Document Name: Putusan Pengadilan Mengenai Pengangkatan Anak.

Issuing Authority: District court

Identity Card

Document Name: Kartu Tanda Penduduk Elektronik (KTP-el)

Police, Court, Prison Records

Police Records Unavailable for applicants both inside and outside Indonesia.

Available Court/Prison Records

Document Name: Surat Keterangan dari Lembaga Pemasyarakatan or Catatan Pemasyarakatan or Surat Keterangan Tahanan or Surat Keterangan Narapidana.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Jakarta (Java), Indonesia (Embassy).

Address: Unit 8200 DPO AP 96520

Phone Number: (62)(21) 5083-1000

Visa Services: All Visa Categories.

Post Title: Surabaya (East Java), Indonesia (Consulate General).

Address: Amconsul Surabaya Box 1 APO AP 96520-4200

Phone Number: (62) (31) 297-5300

Visa Services: Nonimmigrant Visas only.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

