# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Iraq.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Iraq

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 24 Months

A-2 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 12 Months

B-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-1 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 12 Months

E-1 No Treaty N/A N/A

H-1B None Multiple 12 Months

J-2 None Multiple 12 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

Marriage Certificates Available Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Aqd al-Zawaj

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Justice, Civil Status Court.

Procedure for Obtaining: The couple must file a marriage contract or certificate application form to the Ministry of Justice’s Civil Status Court to obtain a marriage certificate.

Police/Prison Records Available Fees: IQD $10,000 - equivalent to approximately USD $7.

Document Name: Shahadat Adam Mahkumiya

Issuing Government Authority: The Directorate of Criminal Information.

General Documents Although these documents are generally available from Iraqi authorities, on occasion they may be withheld in individual cases for political or other reasons.

Passport Types Available: 'B' series passports.

Fees: IQD 95,000 - equivalent to approximately USD $60.

Issuing Government Authority: The Directorate of Passports, Ministry of Interior.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Baghdad, Iraq (Embassy) Address: Al Kindi Street, International Zone, Baghdad, Iraq

Post Title: Erbil, Iraq (Consulate General) Address: 413 Ishtar, Ankawa, Erbil, Iraq

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

