# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Italy.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Italy

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

E-1

$198.00

E-2

F-1

16 Months

G-1

K-1

One

6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: Fees vary for certificates requested in-person. There is no fee for certificates requested online.

Document Name: Certificato di Matrimonio or Estratto Dell’Atto di Matrimonio

Issuing Authority: Office of Vital Statistics (“Ufficio di Stato Civile”)

Certified copies are available.

Procedure for Obtaining: Certificates may be requested at the Ufficio di Stato Civile in the town where the requestor was born or resides.

Birth Certificates

Document Name: Certificato di nascita or Estratto Dell’Atto di Nascita

The Certificato di nascita only provides the date and place of birth. The Estratto Dell’Atto di Nascita includes additional information such as the time of birth, the names of the parents, and other civil status information such as marriages and divorces.

Fees vary for certificates requested in-person. There is no fee for certificates requested online.

A Bordeaux-red, hard cover booklet with biometric chip and machine-readable zone.

Military Records

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Foglio Matricolare or Congedo Illimitato

Description: The Foglio Matricolare is the usual record of military service. It gives complete details regarding military service, including convictions before court martials.

Issuing Authority: Varies by branch of service.

Passport Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official

Regular Passport: A Bordeaux-red, hard cover booklet with biometric chip and machine-readable zone.

Diplomatic Passport: A navy-blue, hard cover booklet with biometric chip and machine-readable zone.

Issuing Authority: Ministero Affari Esteri e Cooperazione Internazionale

All immigrant visas and K (fiancée) visas are processed at U.S. Consulate General Naples.

Visa Issuing Posts

Rome, Italy (Embassy) - Nonimmigrant Visas only

Florence, Italy (Consulate General) - Nonimmigrant Visas only

Milan, Italy (Consulate General) -- Nonimmigrant Visas only

Naples, Italy (Consulate General) -- Immigrant and Nonimmigrant Visas

