# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Japan.html

U.S. Visas

Japan

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 120 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

I None Multiple 60 Months

J-1 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

V-1 None Multiple 120 Months

General Document Information: Civil documents and records in Japan are reliable.

Birth Certificates - Available Fees: Depends on Municipal Office.

Death Certificates - Available Fees: Depends on Municipal Office.

Marriage Certificates - Available Fees: Depends on Municipal Office.

Divorce Certificates - Available Fees: Depends on Municipal Office.

Adoption Certificates - Available Fees: Depends on Municipal Office.

Identity Card - Available: For Japanese Nationals and authorized non-Japanese.

Police Certificates - Available Fees: Free at Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, but varies from prefecture to prefecture.

Post Title: Tokyo, Japan (Embassy)

Address: 1-10-5 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-8420 JAPAN

Phone Number: +81-3-3224-5000

Visa Services: Immigrant and Nonimmigrant Visas

