# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Jordan.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Jordan

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Post Title: US Embassy Amman

Address: Abdoun, Al-Umawyeen St. Amman-Jordan

Phone Number: 962-6-579-9560

Note: The U.S. Embassy work week is Sunday through Thursday. US Embassy Amman provides visa services to all of Jordan east of the Jordan River. Applicants residing west of the Jordan River should apply at Jerusalem.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: One Jordanian Dinar

Document Name: Certificate of Birth “Shihadat Wiladah”

Issuing Authority: Civil Status & Passport Department

Registration Criteria: All in-country births, regardless of the parents’ nationality.

Procedure for Obtaining: For in-country births to a Jordanian father, you must submit both the birth notification issued by the hospital and the family book. For in-country births to a non-Jordanian father and foreigners, you must submit the birth notification issued by the hospital, along with the parents’ passports.

Certified Copies: Certified copies are available.

Marriage Certificates

Available: Couples should obtain government-issued marriage certificates as evidence of their legal marriage and a marriage contract signed by the couple in the presence of either a sharia court judge (for Muslims) or a clergy member (for Christians).

Fees: One Jordanian dinar

Document Name: Certificate of Marriage

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Interior, Civil Status and Passport Department

Adoption Certificates

Unavailable: Adoption is not legal in Jordan.

Military Records

Fees: Two Jordanian Dinars

Document Name: Military Service Book

Issuing Authority: Jordan Armed Forces

Types Available: Ordinary passports are valid for five years and can be renewed for an additional five year period at any Jordanian diplomatic or consular office abroad.

Fees: Forty Jordanian Dinars

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Civil Status & Passport Department

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

