# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Kiribati.html

U.S. Visas

Kiribati

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

A-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 48 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 48 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 48 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 48 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 48 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 48 Months

CW-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

CW-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 48 Months

E-1, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C, None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

F-2, $97.00, Multiple, 36 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-3, None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-4, None, Multiple, 36 Months

G-5, None, Multiple, 24 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 36 Months

H-2A, None, Multiple, 36 Months

H-2B, None, Multiple, 36 Months

H-3, None, Multiple, 36 Months

I, None, Multiple, 36 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

Marriage Certificates: Available, Fees: There is a fee for this service

Document Name: Certified Copy of Entries in Marriage Register

Issuing Authority: The Ministry of Justice issues these certificates at the headquarters in Bairiki.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: The document bears the registration number at the top left of the document and the official seal of the Government of Kiribati.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Registrar General, Ministry of Justice

Procedure for Obtaining: Available from the Registrar General, Ministry of Justice.

Birth Certificates: Available, Fees: There is a fee for this service

Document Name: Certified Copy of Entries in Birth Register

Passport Types Available: Regular (dark blue), Diplomatic Passports (red), Official (green).

Fees: There is a fee for this service

Issuing Government Authority: Ministry of Foreign Affairs & Immigration

U.S Embassy Suva processes all visa categories for countries in its consular district including Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, Tuvalu and the French territories of French Polynesia, New Caledonia, and Wallis and Futuna.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

