# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/KoreaDemocraticPeoplesRepublicof.html

U.S. Visas

Korea, Democratic People's Republic of

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Country Specific Footnotes

The U.S. and North Korea have no diplomatic relations.

Visa Classifications

General Documents

There is no information on availability of documents for residents/nationals of North Korea.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Please check back for update.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Adoption Certificates

Identity Card

Police, Court, Prison Records

Military Records

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Other Records

Not applicable.

Visa Issuing Posts

No specific post has been named to accept North Korean cases. When visa issuance is necessary, as for visits to the United Nations in New York, the American Embassy at Beijing generally processes the applications since Beijing is the most convenient location.

Visa Services

On August 28, 2025, the Department of State released a list of designated immigrant visa processing posts for residents of countries where routine visa operations are suspended or paused.

Immigrant visas for North Korea nationals will be processed at the U.S. Embassy in Guangzhou starting November 1, 2025. Immigrant visa applicants should review the U.S. Embassy in Guangzhou page for additional instructions.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

