# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Kosovo.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Kosovo

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

B-1/B-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 36 Months

D: None, Multiple, 36 Months

General Documents

Kosovan citizens' records use a unique National ID number, like a U.S. Social Security number.

Birth Certificates: Available, 1 Euro fee.

Death Certificates: Available, 1 Euro fee.

Marriage Certificates: Available, Fees vary, issuing authority is Municipal Civil Status Office.

Court Conviction Certificate: Available, No fees.

U.S. Embassy Pristina, Kosovo

Address: Rr. 4 Korriku Nr 25, 1000 Pristina, Kosovo

Phone Number: (+389) 38 59 59 3000

U.S. citizens need a valid passport to enter Kosovo.

No visa for trips lasting up to 90 days within a six-month period.

