# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Kyrgyzstan.html

U.S. Visas

English

Kyrgyzstan

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 24 Months

A-2 None Multiple 24 Months

A-3 1 None One 12 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None One 3 Months

Court/Prison Records

Fees: Court and prison records are free.

Document Name: Court decision

Registration Criteria: There are no registration criteria.

Procedure for Obtaining: The applicant must file a written request to the District Court that made the judgment.

Certified Copies: Certified copies are available.

Passport & Other Travel Documents

Fees: Regular passports cost 1741 Soms. Diplomatic and Official passports cost 2289 Soms

Issuing Authority: State Registration Service and the Ministry of Digital Development

Military Records

Fees: The fee depends on the reason for obtaining a military book or the age of the applicant.

Document Name: Military Book

Issuing Authority: District Military Commissariat

Certificate of Paternity

Fees: The fee is 217 Kyrgyz Soms.

Document Name: Certificate of paternity

Registration Criteria: Joint Statement: If the father and mother are not married, they must submit a joint application to the civil registry office (ZAGS) or local government body.

Procedure for Obtaining: A certificate of paternity is issued by the civil registry office (ZAGS) or local government body.

