# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/LaoPeoplesDemocraticRepublic.html

U.S. Visas

Lao People's Democratic Republic

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 6 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1: None, One, 3 Months

B-2: None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-1: None, One, 3 Months

C-1/D: None, One, 3 Months

C-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-3: None, One, 3 Months

General Documents

There are no central registries of vital records in Laos. There are no standard forms for any civil record other than the Household Registry Book and national Identification Card.

Birth Certificates: Available. In principle births are recorded in the district (muong) of the person's birth.

Death Certificates: Available. Death certificates can be obtained in the same manner as birth certificates.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates: Lao citizen couples are issued a document of marriage in the district where the marriage took place.

Police Records: Available. "Criminal Record #3" or "Bai Cheng Thot #3". Issued by the President of the People's Court.

Prison Records: Available. Records can be obtained from the Director of the prison.

Embassy: Vientiane, Laos

