# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Lebanon.html

U.S. Visas

Lebanon

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Table of Visa Classifications and Details

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B: $733, Multiple, 36 Months

Death Certificates

Available: Death certificates may be obtained from the district office of the Vital Statistics Bureau.

Certificate Name: Death Certificate

Issuing Authority: Vital Statistic Bureau under the Ministry of Interior & Municipalities.

Marriage Certificates

Available: Marriage certificates may be obtained from the office of the Vital Statistics Bureau.

Certificate Name: Marriage Certificate

Post Title: United States Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon

Address: Awkar - near Antelias, P.O. Box 70-840, Beirut, Lebanon

Phone Number: Tel: (+961) (4) 542-600 or (+961) (4) 543-600

On February 23, 2026, the Department of State ordered the departure of non-emergency U.S. government personnel from Beirut due to safety risks. Routine visa processing is not currently available.

