# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Latvia.html

U.S. Visas

English

Latvia

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

B-1/B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 120 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-3 None Multiple 60 Months

CW-1 None Multiple 12 Months

CW-2 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

E-1 None Multiple 34 Months

E-2 None Multiple 34 Months

E-2C None Multiple 24 Months

F-1 None Multiple 60 Months

F-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-1 None Multiple 60 Months

G-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-3 None Multiple 60 Months

G-4 None Multiple 60 Months

G-5 None Multiple 24 Months

H-1B None Multiple 24 Months

H-1C None Multiple 24 Months

H-2A None Multiple 24 Months

H-2B None Multiple 24 Months

H-2R None Multiple 24 Months

H-3 None Multiple 24 Months

H-4 None Multiple 24 Months

I None Multiple 23 Months

J-1 None Multiple 60 Months

J-2 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

K-2 None One 6 Months

K-3 None Multiple 24 Months

K-4 None Multiple 24 Months

L-1 None Multiple 24 Months

L-2 None Multiple 24 Months

M-1 None Multiple 60 Months

M-2 None Multiple 60 Months

N-8 None Multiple 60 Months

N-9 None Multiple 60 Months

NATO 1-7 None Multiple 60 Months

O-1 None Multiple 24 Months

O-2 None Multiple 24 Months

O-3 None Multiple 24 Months

P-1 None Multiple 24 Months

P-2 None Multiple 24 Months

P-3 None Multiple 24 Months

P-4 None Multiple 24 Months

Q-1 None Multiple 15 Months

R-1 None Multiple 24 Months

R-2 None Multiple 24 Months

S-5 None One 1 Month

S-6 None One 1 Month

S-7 None One 1 Month

T-1 N/A N/A N/A

T-2 None One 6 Months

T-3 None One 6 Months

T-4 None One 6 Months

T-5 None One 6 Months

T-6 None One 6 Months

TD N/A N/A N/A

U-1 None Multiple 48 Months

U-2 None Multiple 48 Months

U-3 None Multiple 48 Months

U-4 None Multiple 48 Months

U-5 None Multiple 48 Months

V-1 None Multiple 120 Months

V-2 None Multiple 120 Months

V-3 None Multiple 120 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

General Document Information:

Applicants may only obtain their personal Latvian civil documents, including police and court records. Parents or legal guardians act on their children's behalf.

To apply for death certificates, applicants may file through Latvian embassies abroad for assistance in obtaining police records.

Fees: 7.00 euros (approx. $9.00) for requesting a duplicate certificate. The initial death registration is a no-fee service.

Document Name: MIRŠANAS APLIECĪBA (title of the document normally is provided in both Russian and Latvian if issued during the Soviet era)

Issuing Authority: Available from the Latvian State Historical Archives and Civil Register Department of the Ministry of Justice.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: 7.00 euros (approx. $9.00) for requesting a duplicate certificate. The initial marriage registration is a no-fee service.

Issuing Authority: Available from the Latvian State Historical Archives for civil records before December 31, 1914 and from the Archive of the Civil Register Department of the Ministry of Justice for civil records after January 1, 1915.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Marriage certificates (initial and duplicates) are printed on A4 size paper with the Latvian national Coat of Arms.

Visa Issuing Posts: U.S. Embassy Riga, Latvia. Tel: (371) 6710-7000. E-mail: askconsular-riga@state.gov.

U.S. Embassy in Stockholm, Sweden has assumed responsibility for processing Immigrant Visas for nationals and residents of Latvia.

