# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Lesotho.html

U.S. Visas

Lesotho

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

C-1/D

C-2

12 Months

C-3

D

H-1B

$163.00

K-1

One

6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Home Affairs

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Lesotho marriage certificates are printed on sky blue paper, have a green Mokorotlo seal and a silver ring seal.

Procedure for Obtaining: Must be obtained in person.

Police Certificates

Fees: $8

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Police

Court Records

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Law

Passport

Types Available: Regular, official, diplomatic

Fees: $7

Issuing Government Authority: Ministry of Home Affairs

Visa Issuing Posts

Maseru, Lesotho (Embassy) – Only provides no-fee nonimmigrant official and diplomatic visas and U.S. Government-sponsored J visas.

Tel: +266-2231-2666

Visa Services

U.S. Embassy Maseru provides only no-fee nonimmigrant visa services for nationals of Lesotho.

