# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Libya.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Libya

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This means the visa is valid from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1; None; Multiple; 12 Months

A-2; None; Multiple; 12 Months

A-3; None; One; 12 Months

B-1; None; One; 3 Months

B-2; None; One; 3 Months

C-1; None; One; 1 Month

H-1B; None; One; 1 Month

H-4; None; One; 1 Month

J-1; None; One; 3 Months

K-1; None; One; 6 Months

V-1; None; One; 3 Months

General Documents

All civil documents are issued in Arabic. All documents presented in support of a visa application should be in Arabic and the translation in English.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: 500 Libyan Dirham = 0.5 LYD

Document Name: Chahadat AL Milade in Arabic.

Issuing Authority: The Civil Status Office

Procedure for Obtaining: Non-national applicants must send all pertinent information to their respective Embassy in Tripoli.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: 100 LYD

Document Name: Aked Zawaj in Arabic.

Issuing Authority: The appropriate Sharia (Moslem religious) court.

Police and Prison Records

Fees: Currently 15 LYD

Document Name: Criminal Status Certificate

Issuing Authority: Criminal Identification Department of the General Administration for Criminal Investigation.

Military Records

Fees: There are no fees.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official

Fees: 50.5 LYD for the regular passport.

Document Name: Jaouaze Alssafer.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Tunis, Tunisia (Embassy)

Address: Berges du Lac, Tunis, Tunisia

Phone Number: +216 71 107 000

Visa Services: NIV, IV

Visa Services

Nonimmigrant and Immigrant Visas for Libyan nationals are processed at the U.S. Embassy in Tunis.

