# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/diversity-visa-issuance-updated-guidance.html

Newsroom

English

U.S. Visas News

Diversity Visa Issuance Updated Guidance

Effective immediately, the Department of State has paused all visa issuances to diversity immigrant visa applicants.

FAQs – Updated Diversity Visa (DV) Guidance

Why are diversity visa issuances being paused? The Department of State is committed to ensuring that its visa process upholds the highest standards for U.S. national security and public safety. This action is being taken in light of concerns raised by the shooting at Brown University and killing of an MIT professor suspected to have been committed by an individual admitted to the United States through the DV program. This pause will allow the Department to undertake a review of the screening and vetting protocols in the DV program. This review will address any vulnerabilities in the process to ensure the Department can adequately establish the identity of aliens who are selected through the DV entry lottery, establish the applicants’ visa eligibility, and ensure that they do not present a threat to national security or public safety.

What happens to my visa interview appointment? DV applicants may submit visa applications and attend interviews, and the Department will continue to schedule applicants for appointments, but no DVs will be issued. Existing diversity visa appointments generally will not be rescheduled or cancelled.

Are there any exceptions? No. There are no exceptions to this guidance.

Does this affect my current valid visa? No diversity or other visas have been revoked as part of this guidance. For questions relating to U.S. admission, we refer you to DHS.

