# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Liechtenstein.html

U.S. Visas

Liechtenstein

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 1 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

B-1/B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 120 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-3 None Multiple 60 Months

CW-1 11 None Multiple 12 Months

CW-2 11 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

E-1 2 No Treaty N/A N/A

E-2 2 No Treaty N/A N/A

E-2C 12 None Multiple 24 Months

F-1 None Multiple 7 Months

F-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-1 None Multiple 60 Months

G-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-3 None Multiple 60 Months

G-4 None Multiple 60 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

H-1C None Multiple 60 Months

H-2A None Multiple 60 Months

H-2B None N/A N/A

I None Multiple 60 Months

J-1 4 None Multiple 60 Months

J-2 4 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

K-2 None One 6 Months

K-3 None Multiple 24 Months

K-4 None Multiple 24 Months

Visa Issuing Posts

Bern, Switzerland (Embassy)

IV and NIV applications for nationals of Liechtenstein are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Bern, Switzerland.

