# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Luxembourg.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Luxembourg

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

General Documents

The app GouvCheck enables to check the authenticity of many official documents issued in Luxembourg, free of charge and in real time, using a QR code embedded in the document.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: 0-4 Euros

Document Name: Acte de naissance

Issuing Authority: Etat Civil

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Acte de mariage

Issuing Authority: Etat civil

Divorce Certificates

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Certificat 39

Issuing Authority: Tribunal d’arrondissement

Identity Card

Fees: 14 Euros for an adult, 10 Euros for a 4-15 years old child, 5 Euros for a child under 4. The ‘administration communale’ may charge a small tax for processing.

Document Name: Carte d’identité

Issuing Authority: CTIE (centre des technologies de l’information de l’Etat)

Police Records

Document Name: Casier judiciaire

Issuing Authority: Ministère de la Justice - Parquet Général

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): Regular, official and diplomatic passports. ‘Passeport de service’ is the official passport issued mainly for members of the military and police.

Fees: 50 Euros for a regular passport, 30 Euros for a child under 4

Document Name: Passeport

Issuing Government Authority: Ministère des Affaires Etrangères

U.S. Embassy in Luxembourg, Luxembourg City, Luxembourg, Phone Number: (352) 46-01-23 00, Email: Luxembourgconsular@state.gov

