# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Macau.html

U.S. Visas

Macau

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

Employment Visa Fees

None 120 Months

U.S. Consulate General Hong Kong and Macau

Address: 26 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong

Phone Number: (852) 2523-9011

Mailing Address: PSC 461 Box 5 FPO AP 96521-0006

Certified copies available.

