# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Lithuania.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Lithuania

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

C-1/D

C-2

12 Months

C-3

CW-1

CW-2

D

E-1

No Treaty

N/A

E-2

E-2C

F-1

F-2

G-1

G-2

G-3

G-4

G-5

H-1B

H-1C

H-2A

H-2B

H-2R

H-3

H-4

I

J-1

J-2

K-1

One

6 Months

K-2

K-3

K-4

L-1

L-2

M-1

M-2

N-8

N-9

NATO 1-6

NATO-7

O-1

O-2

O-3

P-1

P-2

P-3

P-4

Q-1

15 Months

R-1

R-2

S-5

1 Month

S-6

S-7

T-1

T-2

T-3

T-4

T-5

T-6

TD

U-1

48 Months

U-2

U-3

U-4

U-5

V-1

V-2

V-3

Post Contact Information

Post Title: Vilnius, Lithuania (Embassy)

Address: Akmenų 6, LT-03106, Vilnius, Lithuania

Phone Number: +370 5 2665600, +370 5 2665601

E-mail: ConSec@state.gov

Visa Services: Immigrant and Non-immigrant Visas

All visa categories for all of Lithuania.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

