# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Malawi.html

U.S. Visas

Malawi

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Police Certificates

Available

Fees: 5,000.00 Malawi Kwacha for Malawian present in Malawi, US$ 300.00 for a Malawian living outside Malawi, US$ 300.00 for foreign nationals requesting a police clearance from outside Malawi, US$ 200.00 for foreign nationals in Malawi without a Temporary Employment Permit (TEP), Business Resident Permit (BRP), or Permanent Resident Permit (PRP)

Document Name: Police Certificate

Issuing Authority: Criminal Investigation Department (CID), National Police Headquarters, Area 30, Private Bag 305, Capital City, Lilongwe 3, Malawi

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants in Malawi must apply in person at the National Police Headquarters in Lilongwe and are required to submit 2 recent color photos, a valid passport and/or other proof of identity.

Embassy: Address: Area 40, Plot no. 21, 16TH Jomo Kenyatta Road, City Center, Lilongwe

Phone Number: (265) 1-773-166, 1-773-342 and 1-773-367

Email: LILONGWECONSULAR@STATE.GOV

Visa Services: All visa categories for Malawi

