# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Maldives.html

U.S. Visas

English

Maldives

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2, None, One, 6 Months

D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-1, $195.00, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 12 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

Visa Issuing Posts

Colombo, Sri Lanka (Embassy)

Visa Services

Immigrant and nonimmigrant visas for nationals of Maldives are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Colombo, Sri Lanka.

Birth and Death Certificates: Available. Maldivian nationals may obtain birth and death certificates from the Ministry of Health, Male, Maldives.

Marriage and Divorce Certificates: Available. Maldivian nationals may obtain marriage and divorce certificates from the Ministry of Justice, Male, Maldives.

Police Records: Available. Maldivian nationals may obtain police records from the Ministry of Public Safety, Male, Maldives.

