# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Mali.html

U.S. Visas

Mali

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

36 Months

A-2

B-1

One

3 Months

B-2

C-1

F-1

H-1B

K-1

6 Months

Republic of Mali

General Document Information

Many documents are still primarily handwritten or typed on carbon paper, then tracked via municipal ledgers, which are also handwritten.

General Issuing Authority Information

Civil offices at the Commune level issue civil documents such as marriage, birth and death certificates.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: No fee for original; CFA 100 per certified copy.

Document Name: Birth Certificate or Le Jugement Suppletif (court declaration)

Marriage Certificates

Fees: The fees for a marriage certificate are combined with the cost of the marriage ceremony – fees vary by locality and day of week.

Divorce Certificates

Fees: CFA 3,000

Document Name: Divorce Decree

Issuing Authority: The court of the commune in which the divorce occurred.

Adoption Certificates

Fees: Adoption filing fees are CFA 7,500 and the certificate fee is CFA 6,000

Issuing Authority: Direction Nationale de la Femme et de l’Enfant.

Passport & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Service and Diplomatic passports.

Fees: A regular passport costs CFA 55,000. Service and Diplomatic passports are free.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy Bamako

Address: ACI 2000, Rue 243, Porte 297 B.P. 34 Bamako, Mali

Phone Number: Tel: (223) 2070 2300

Email: consularbamako@state.gov or ACSBamako@state.gov

Visa Services

The consular section provides all nonimmigrant visas for Mali. Immigrant visas for Malians are processed at U.S. Embassy Dakar.

