# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Malta.html

U.S. Visas

Malta

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Marriage Certificates

Available

Fees: EUR 9.95 full online (EUR 10.25 in person), EUR 2.50 extract (EUR 2.60 in person), plus EUR 12 apostille/legalization.

Document Name: Act of Marriage

Issuing Authority: Malta Public Registry

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Full size A3, extract size A4 – color with metallic seal

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Director

Registration Criteria: Surnames of spouses, date of marriage, location of marriage.

Procedure for Obtaining: Can be ordered online from www.certifikati.gov.mt or in person at Malta Public Registry, Onda Building, Also Moro Street, Marsa.

Certified Copies: Must be requested through the Consular Services Office (CSO), Legalisation of Documents Unit, within the Ministry for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade.

Identity Card

Fees: Vary, please see website: https://identita.gov.mt/identity-cards-unit-applicable-fees/

Document Name: Identity Card/Karta Tal-Identita

Issuing Authority: Identity Malta Agency

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Color with holograms and biometric data.

Registration Criteria: Must be Maltese national over the age of 14.

Procedure for Obtaining: Must apply in person at Identity Cards Unit, Gattard House, Blata l-Bajda, Malta.

U.S. Embassy in Valletta, Malta

Address: Ta’ Qali National Park, Attard, ATD 4000

Tel: 356-256-14000

Visa Services: Non-immigrant visas only. Immigrant visas are processed in Naples, Italy.

