# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/MarshallIslands.html

U.S. Visas

Marshall Islands

Republic of the Marshall Islands

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1: None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 24 Months

A-3: None, One, 12 Months

B-1: None, One, 3 Months

B-2: None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-1: None, Two, 3 Months

C-1/D: N/A, N/A, N/A

C-2: None, Two, 3 Months

C-3: None, Two, 3 Months

CW-1: None, One, 12 Months

CW-2: None, One, 12 Months

D: None, Multiple, 12 Months

E-1: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C: None, Two, 6 Months

F-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

F-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

G-1: None, Multiple, 24 Months

G-2: None, Multiple, 24 Months

G-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

G-4: None, Multiple, 24 Months

G-5: None, One, 12 Months

H-1B: None, One, 12 Months

H-1C: None, One, 12 Months

H-2A: None, N/A, N/A

H-2B: None, N/A, N/A

H-2R: None, One, 12 Months

H-3: None, One, 12 Months

H-4: None, One, 12 Months

I: None, Multiple, 24 Months

J-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

J-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

K-1: None, One, 6 Months

K-2: None, One, 6 Months

L-1: None, Two, 6 Months

L-2: None, Two, 6 Months

M-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

M-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

N-8: None, Multiple, 24 Months

N-9: None, Multiple, 24 Months

NATO 1-7: N/A, N/A, N/A

O-1: None, Two, 12 Months

O-2: None, Two, 12 Months

O-3: None, Two, 12 Months

P-1: None, Two, 12 Months

P-2: None, Two, 12 Months

P-3: None, Two, 12 Months

P-4: None, Two, 12 Months

Q-1: None, One, 15 Months

R-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

R-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

S-5: None, One, 1 Month

S-6: None, One, 1 Month

S-7: None, One, 1 Month

T-2: None, One, 6 Months

T-3: None, One, 6 Months

T-4: None, One, 6 Months

T-5: None, One, 6 Months

T-6: None, One, 6 Months

TD: N/A, N/A, N/A

U-1: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-2: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-3: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-4: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-5: None, Multiple, 48 Months

V-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-3: None, Multiple, 120 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Visa Category Footnotes

General Documents

Please check back for update

Birth Confidentials

Available from: Registrar's Office, P.O. Box 546, Majuro, Marshall Islands 96960. There may be a fee for this service. Send self-addressed, stamped envelope.

Death Certificates

Military Records

Unavailable. (The Marshall Islands have no military)

Passports & Other Travel Documents

The Republic of the Marshall Islands (RMI) is a freely associated state (FAS), with the United States under the Compact of Free Association.

RMI citizens are not U.S. citizens or nationals. The Compact, as amended, regulates immigration between the RMI and the U.S. and states that most RMI citizens are eligible to live and work in the U.S. in a nonimmigrant status without a visa.

RMI passport bearers that do not meet the conditions for travel under the Compact, as amended, need to apply and qualify for U.S. visas.

Visa Issuing Posts

Majuro, Marshall Islands (Embassy)

Manila, Philippines (Embassy)

Visa Services

Nonimmigrant visas for the Marshall Islands. Immigrant visa applications for residents of the Marshall Islands are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Manila, Philippines.

