# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Mexico.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Mexico

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 48 Months

A-2 None Multiple 48 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 24 Months

General Documents

In Mexico the maintenance of public records and the issuance of certificates fall within the jurisdiction of the 31 states and Ciudad de Mexico (CDMX).

Birth Certificates

Fees: The fees for this document vary by state.

Document Name: Acta de nacimiento

Issuing Authority: Civil registry (registro civil).

Marriage Certificates

Available

Document Name: Acta De Matrimonio

Issuing Authority: Civil Registry (Registro Civil)

Divorce Certificates

Document Name: Acta de Divorcio

Adoption Certificates

Fees: Fees vary by state.

Document Name: Adopcion Plena

Issuing Authority: Family Court

Military Records

Fees: The first military card is free. As of September 2017, a replacement is 193 pesos (Approx. $10 USD).

Document Name: Cartilla Militar

Issuing Authority: Ministry of National Defense (Secretaria de la Defensa Nacional or SEDEMA) in Mexico City.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, diplomatic, and official

Fees: The fees vary depending on passport validity (1, 3, 6, or 10 years). The fees in 2025 are as follows: 1 year: $42 USD, 3 years: $99 USD, 6 years: $133 USD, 10 years: $203 USD.

Document Name: Mexican Passport

Issuing Government Authority: Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post State Visa Categories

Mexico City Embassy Ciudad de Mexico

Ciudad Juarez Consulate General Chihuahua

Guadalajara Consulate General Jalisco

Monterrey Consulate General Nuevo Leon

Tijuana Consulate General Baja California Norte

Hermosillo Consulate Sonora

Visa Services

All posts process routine non-immigrant visas (NIV). Certain dedicated posts specialize in visa categories that can only be processed at those posts.

