# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Mauritius.html

U.S. Visas

Mauritius

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 1 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

B-1/B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 60 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-3 None Multiple 60 Months

CW-1 11 None Multiple 12 Months

CW-2 11 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

E-1 2 No Treaty N/A

E-2 2 No Treaty N/A

E-2C 12 None Multiple 24 Months

F-1 None Multiple 60 Months

F-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-1 None Multiple 60 Months

G-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-3 None Multiple 60 Months

G-4 None Multiple 60 Months

G-5 1 None Multiple 24 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

H-1C None Multiple 60 Months

H-2A None N/A N/A

H-2B None N/A N/A

H-2R None Multiple 60 Months

H-3 None Multiple 60 Months

H-4 None Multiple 60 Months

I None Multiple 60 Months

J-1 4 None Multiple 60 Months

J-2 4 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

K-2 None One 6 Months

K-3 None Multiple 24 Months

K-4 None Multiple 24 Months

L-1 None Multiple 60 Months

L-2 None Multiple 60 Months

M-1 None Multiple 60 Months

M-2 None Multiple 60 Months

N-8 None Multiple 60 Months

N-9 None Multiple 60 Months

NATO 1-7 N/A N/A N/A

O-1 None Multiple 60 Months

O-2 None Multiple 60 Months

O-3 None Multiple 60 Months

P-1 None Multiple 60 Months

P-2 None Multiple 60 Months

P-3 None Multiple 60 Months

P-4 None Multiple 60 Months

Q-1 6 None Multiple 15 Months

R-1 None Multiple 60 Months

R-2 None Multiple 60 Months

S-5 7 None One 1 Month

S-6 7 None One 1 Month

S-7 7 None One 1 Month

T-1 9 N/A N/A N/A

T-2 None One 6 Months

T-3 None One 6 Months

T-4 None One 6 Months

T-5 None One 6 Months

T-6 None One 6 Months

TD 5 N/A N/A N/A

U-1 None Multiple 48 Months

U-2 None Multiple 48 Months

U-3 None Multiple 48 Months

U-4 None Multiple 48 Months

U-5 None Multiple 48 Months

V-1 None Multiple 120 Months

V-2 None Multiple 120 Months

V-3 None Multiple 120 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

Please check back for update

Birth and Marriage Certificates

Extracts of birth and marriage certificates are available from the Central Civil Status Office located on the 7th Floor of the Emmanuel Anquetil Building in Port Louis. Tel: (230) 201 3118, (230) 2011727; Fax: (230) 211 2420; Email: civstat@mail.gov.mu. Proof of identity is required as well as a MRs.25 stamp per copy of certificate needed.

Non-Residents requiring marriage certificates need to provide proof of identity, date and place of marriage.

The Mauritian Government does not authorize same sex marriage.

Death Certificates

Available. The applicant must state his/her relation to the deceased and the reason for the request. The certificate is obtainable from the Chief of Civil Status Officer,7th Floor Emmanuel Anquetil Building, Port Louis. Tel: (230) 201 3118; Fax: (230) 211 2420. A MRs.25 stamp needs to be purchased for each copy of the certificate.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

The Mauritian Civil Status Office does not issue divorce decrees nor marriage termination certificates, but instead annotates marriage certificate with a mention that divorce was pronounced.

Adoption Certificates

Identity Card

Available upon application to the National Identity Card Unit of the Civil Status Office, 7th Floor Emmanuel Anquetil Building, Port Louis Tel: (230) 212 5773; Fax: (230) 211 2420.

Police, Court, Prison Records

Police Records

Also known as Morality Certificate is a certificate from the Director of Public Prosecutors issued after clearance from the Mauritian police. The police does not issue certificate of character. This certificate is obtained at the Attorney General's office, 2nd floor, NPF Building, Jules Koenig Street, Port Louis, upon issuance of a birth certificate, photocopy of passport; and for married women - marriage, death certificate if applicable. If a criminal offense is committed within 6 months of the application, no morality certificate will be issued. The processing time is 3 weeks and no fee is charged.

Prison Records

Unavailable.

Military Records

Passports & Other Travel Documents

In addition to the Mauritius passport, the Government of Mauritius will also issue a travel document to any Commonwealth citizen who lost their passport and who has to travel back to his or her country of residence, or has to travel to a specific destination and return to Mauritius. The travel document will have the legal value of any travel document issued by any country in lieu of a passport, and will not affect the national status of the holder. The travel document is a four-page document, light blue in color, and will be issued by the Mauritius passport officer, or by an overseas representative upon authorization of the Prime Minister, and is valid for one trip only. The front page of the document bears a rectangle with two dotted lines for the applicant's name. It also contains the word "Mauritius" in small block letters, the arms of Mauritius, the words "Travel Document" in bold characters and the number of the document. The applicant's photo, the seal and data appear on the second page. Page 3 is reserved for visas. At the bottom of page 3 are the words "Remarks and Observations": "The possession of this travel document does not exempt the holder from compliance with the Immigration Regulation in force in the country to which the holder is processing." Page 4 is for any endorsements.

Other Records

Certificate of Identity

Visa Issuing Posts

Port Louis, Mauritius (Embassy)

Consular Section American Embassy 4th Floor Rogers House John F. Kennedy Street Port Louis, Mauritius

Tel: (230) 202-4400

Fax: (230) 208-9534 Embassy

E-Mail: usembass@intnet.mu

Consular E-Mail: PTLConsular@state.gov

Visa Services

Nonimmigrant visas for Mauritius, Reunion, and Seychelles. Immigrant visa applications for nationals of Mauritius are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Johannesburg, South Africa.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

