# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/MoldovaRepublicof.html

U.S. Visas

Moldova, Republic of

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 3 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 3 Months

CW-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

CW-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

E-1, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2, None, Two, 3 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 48 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 48 Months

G-3, None, Multiple, 48 Months

G-4, None, Multiple, 48 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 60 Months

I, None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

L-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Military Records

Available

Fees: There are no fees

Document Name: Livret Militar

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Internal Affairs

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants are welcome to apply every day during business hours by submitting an ID document, the recruitment certificate and/or other related documents to the administrative-military territorial bodies.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Chisinau, Moldova

Address: 103 A. Mateevici Str.

Phone Number: 00373 22 40 83 00

Call Center: 03373 022 89 30 60

Visa Services: All visa categories for Moldova.

