# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/MicronesiaFederatedStatesof.html

U.S. Visas

Micronesia, Federated States of

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification: Fee: Number of Entries: Validity Period:

A-1: None, Multiple, 48 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 48 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1: None, Two, 3 Months

B-2: None, Two, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, Two, 3 Months

C-1: None, Two, 3 Months

C-1/D: None, Two, 3 Months

C-2: None, Two, 3 Months

C-3: None, Two, 3 Months

CW-1: None, One, 3 Months

CW-2: None, One, 3 Months

D: None, Two, 3 Months

E-1: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C: None, One, 3 Months

F-1: None, Two, 3 Months

F-2: None, Two, 3 Months

G-1: None, Multiple, 48 Months

G-2: None, Multiple, 48 Months

G-3: None, Multiple, 48 Months

G-4: None, Multiple, 48 Months

G-5: None, Multiple, 12 Months

H-1B: None, One, 3 Months

H-1C: None, One, 3 Months

H-2A: None, N/A, N/A

H-2B: None, N/A, N/A

H-2R: None, One, 3 Months

H-3: None, One, 3 Months

H-4: None, One, 3 Months

I: None, One, 3 Months

J-1: None, One, 3 Months

J-2: None, One, 3 Months

K-1: None, One, 6 Months

K-2: None, One, 6 Months

L-1: None, One, 3 Months

L-2: None, One, 3 Months

M-1: None, Two, 3 Months

M-2: None, Two, 3 Months

N-8: None, Multiple, 12 Months

N-9: None, Multiple, 12 Months

NATO 1-7: N/A, N/A, N/A

O-1: None, One, 3 Months

O-2: None, One, 3 Months

O-3: None, One, 3 Months

P-1: None, One, 3 Months

P-2: None, One, 3 Months

P-3: None, One, 3 Months

P-4: None, One, 3 Months

Q-1: None, One, 3 Months

R-1: None, One, 3 Months

R-2: None, One, 3 Months

S-5: None, One, 1 Month

S-6: None, One, 1 Month

S-7: None, One, 1 Month

T-2: None, One, 6 Months

T-3: None, One, 6 Months

T-4: None, One, 6 Months

T-5: None, One, 6 Months

T-6: None, One, 6 Months

U-1: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-2: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-3: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-4: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-5: None, Multiple, 48 Months

V-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

V-3: None, Multiple, 120 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Visa Category Footnotes

General Documents

Compact of Free Association

The Amended Compact of Free Association between the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM) and the United States allows citizens of the FSM to travel, live, work and study in the United States with no visa requirements.

Visa Requirements for Entry Into Micronesia

No visas are required for entry into the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM), although visitors should have valid passports and a round-trip ticket.

U.S. citizens are permitted to stay in the FSM indefinitely.

Non-U.S. citizens are automatically permitted to remain as tourists for 30 days, and can extend their stay up to 90 days.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Available from the same sources listed for birth certificates.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Police, Court, Prison Records

Available.

Military Records

The FSM is defended by the U.S. under Title III of the Compact of Free Association, and has no military of its own.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

The Federated States of Micronesia is a Freely Associated State (FAS), under the Compact of Free Association with the United States, which took effect on November 3, 1986.

Other Records

Visa Issuing Posts

Kolonia, Federated States of Micronesia (Embassy) -- Nonimmigrant Visas

Manila, Philippines (Embassy) -- Immigrant Visas

Visa Services

All of the Federated States of Micronesia, including Yap, Truk, Pohnpei and Kosrae (Variant Kusaie) States. IV applications for FSM citizens and aliens resident in the Federated States of Micronesia are processed by the American Embassy at Manila, Philippines.

