# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Monaco.html

U.S. Visas

Monaco

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

Marriage Certificates Available. Death certificates are issued by the Etat Civil of the Mairie de Monaco.

Birth Certificates Available. Extrait du Registre des Actes de Naissance is the complete form of birth certificate.

Death Certificates Available. Death certificates are issued by the Etat Civil of the Mairie de Monaco.

Police Records Available. A police certificate (Certificat de non plainte) is issued to any former or present resident.

Prison Records Available. A prison record (Casier Judiciaire) may be obtained only for adults born in the Principality.

All visa applications for nationals of Monaco are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Paris, France.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

