# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Montenegro.html

U.S. Visas

Montenegro

Reciprocity Schedule

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 48 Months

CW-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

CW-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 36 Months

E-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

E-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-2, None, Multiple, 24 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 12 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 24 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Fees: 2 EUR

Document Name: Izvod iz matičnog registra vjenčanih (Certificate of Marriage).

Issuing Authority: Civil Registrar (Maticar) with Jurisdiction over the geographic area where the marriage took place.

Procedure for Obtaining: Request is submitted at the Civil Registrar office with the fee receipt.

Military Records

Document Name: Certificate from official records - Uvjerenje iz sluzbene evidencije.

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Defense – Directorate for Human Resources Management.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Fees: 40 EUR

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Authority: Local Ministry of Interior office

