# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Montserrat.html

U.S. Visas

English

Tourism & Visit

Business

Employment

Study & Exchange

Immigrate

Other Visa Categories

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Montserrat

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1/D, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

CW-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

D, None, Multiple, 120 Months

E-1, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2, No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C, None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-3, None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-4, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B, None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1C, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Police Certificates

Fees: $15 EC

Document Name: Certificate of Character

Issuing Authority: Royal Montserrat Police Service

Court Records

Available

Fees: Fees may vary.

Document Name: Court Record

Issuing Authority: Supreme Court Registry

Identification: Issued based on the registration criteria.

Registrar General, Government Headquarters, P.O. Box 22, Brades, Montserrat, Tel: (1) 664-491-2129/2128, Email: courtregmail@gov.ms

