# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Morocco.html

U.S. Visas

English

Tourism & Visit

Business

Employment

Study & Exchange

Immigrate

Other Visa Categories

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Morocco

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 12 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 60 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

H-2A None N/A N/A

Death Certificates

Available Fees: MAD 2.00 Document Name: Extrait d’Acte de Décès

Marriage Certificates Available Fees: Varies depending on the Adoul (marriage official) or rabbinical court, generally MAD 200-600.

Divorce Certificates Available Fees: Varies depending on the Adul (marriage official), generally MAD 200-600.

Adoption Certificates Unavailable: Adoption is not legal in Morocco; however, civil authorities may place a child in the custody of a guardian.

Identity Card Fees: MAD 75 Document Name: Carte d’Identité Nationale (CNIE)

Police/Prison Records Available Fees: MAD 20 to MAD 30 Document Name: Extrait de la Fiche Anthropometrique

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Consulate General of the United States in Casablanca, Morocco

Address: 8 Boulevard Moulay Youssef, Casablanca

Phone Number: 212 522 642000 Fax: 212 522 204127

Visa Services: The U.S. Consulate General in Casablanca provides immigrant and nonimmigrant visa services for all of Morocco (including Western Sahara).

