# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Mozambique.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Mozambique

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

General Documents

Please check back for update.

Birth Certificates: Available. Birth Certificate (Certidao Narrativa Completa de Nascimento) is issued by Conservatoria dos Registos of city of birth. There may be a fee for this service.

Death Certificates: Available. Death Certificate (Certidao de Obito) is issued by Conservatoria dos Registos Civis where death occurred. A certificate can be obtained covering any death that occurred in the country regardless of the nationality of the deceased. There may be a fee for this service.

Marriage Certificates: Available. Marriage Certificate (Certidao Narrativa Completa de Casamento) is issued by Conservatoria dos Registos Civis of city of marriage. This certificate is applicable to any civil marriage performed in the country. There may be a fee for this service.

Divorce Certificates: Before 2004, divorce certificates were issued only by the court (Tribunal Judicial). As of 2004, the Civil Registry also issues divorce certificates. Therefore, both the court and the Civil Registry have the authority, as of 2004, to issue a divorce certificate. The Civil Registry issues certificates in divorce cases of mutual consent and the court (Tribunal Judicial) issues certificates in cases of contested divorce. There may be a fee for this service.

Contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Maputo, Mozambique (Embassy)

193 Avenida Kenneth Kaunda Maputo

Tel: (258) 21 49 2797 (Emergencies after hours): (258) 21 49 0723

Visa services for all of Mozambique. Immigrant visa applications for nationals of Mozambique are processed by the U.S. Consulate General, Johannesburg, South Africa.

