# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Namibia.html

U.S. Visas

Namibia

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

36 Months

A-2

B-1

One

3 Months

B-2

C-1

24 Months

G-1

H-1B

$131.00

K-1

6 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available. Applicants should submit their requests directly to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Immigration, Safety and Security at Counter M1.

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Marriage Certificates begin with the letters “AA” followed by a unique seven-digit number in red ink.

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Home Affairs, Immigration, Safety and Security

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Namibian Coat of Arms. A5 size. Contains a security holographic foil and a watermark.

Certified Copies Available: Duplicate certificates are available. Applicants should submit their requests directly to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Immigration, Safety and Security. The fee is N$ 100 for every duplicate issued.

Comments: The legal minimum age for marriage without the permission of a parent or guardian is 18 years old. Namibia has two kinds of marriages: legal and traditional/customary.

Divorce Certificates

Available: Yes

Fees: Determined by the type of divorce, can range between N$ 5,000 – $N 25,000.

Issuing Authority: High Court of Namibia

Passport Fees: $N 400 for a regular and refugee passport. No fee for diplomatic and official passports.

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official passports and Refugee travel documents are available.

Police Certificates

Available. Through the Namibian Police at their Criminal Record Centre.

Fees: $N 100.00

Document Name: Certificate of Conduct (also known as a Police Clearance Certificate)

The Ministry of Defense and Veterans Affairs (MODVA) consists of the Namibian Army, Namibian Air Force, and the Namibian Navy.

