# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Netherlands.html

U.S. Visas

Netherlands

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification|Fee|Number of Entries|Validity Period

A-1|None|Multiple|60 Months

A-2|None|Multiple|60 Months

A-3|None|Multiple|12 Months

B-1|None|Multiple|120 Months

B-2|None|Multiple|120 Months

B-1/B-2|None|Multiple|120 Months

C-1|None|Multiple|120 Months

C-1/D|None|Multiple|120 Months

C-2|None|Multiple|12 Months

C-3|None|Multiple|60 Months

CW-1|None|Multiple|12 Months

D|None|Multiple|120 Months

E-1|$2,118.00|Multiple|36 Months

E-2|$2,118.00|Multiple|36 Months

F-1|None|Multiple|50 Months

J-1|None|Multiple|60 Months

K-1|None|One|6 Months

K-2|None|One|6 Months

L-1|$58.00|Multiple|60 Months

Marriage Certificates

Fees: Vary - by administrative district municipality/ City Hall within the Netherlands

Document Name: Uittreksel uit de huwelijksakte, Uittreksel van een Huwelijksakte, Dienst van de burgerlijke stand van

Issuing Authority: Civil Registry Office where the marriage was registered.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Generally issued on white paper. Sometimes green. The paper often contains official seals, watermarks, and other security features specific to the issuing municipality or the Dutch government.

Procedure for Obtaining: The procedure is different for each municipality. In general, you must submit a request for a certificate to the City Hall/municipality where you registered the marriage. This could be through an online portal, in person, or through a written request.

U.S. Consulate General Amsterdam, Netherlands

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of the Netherlands.

