# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/NewCaledonia.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

New Caledonia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

General Documents

Acte de Naissance (original birth certificate) and Copie D’acte de Naissance (copy of birth record); Extrait De L’acte de Mariage (Extract of Marriage Certificate) or Certificat de Celebration de Mariage (Marriage Certificate); Jugement de Divorce (Divorce Decree)

Police Certificates

Grosse De Jugement

Available

Fees: There may be a fee charged.

Document Name: Casier Judiciaire

Issuing Authority: The Clerk of Court (Greffier du Tribunale de Grand Instance) at the applicant's birthplace

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Magistrate in charge of the National Criminal Record Service.

Procedure for Obtaining: It is issued only to a magistrate or to the party concerned; it may not be issued to a third party. Applicants outside of New Caledonia should appear at a French diplomatic mission and request that their signatures be authenticated on their letters of request.

Policy for Obtaining: It is issued only to the party concerned.

Visa Services: The U.S. Embassy in Suva, Fiji provides all visa services for New Caledonia and the following areas: Fiji, French Polynesia, Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, Tuvalu, and Wallis and Futuna Islands.

