# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Nicaragua.html

U.S. Visas

Nicaragua

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2, None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

D, None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

Marriage Certificates

Fees: C$ 120.00

Issuing Authority: Central Registry of Nicaragua (Consejo Supremo Electoral)

Document Name: Certificado de Matrimonio

Common Law Marriage Certificate

Birth Certificates

Document Name: Certificado de Nacimiento

Death Certificates

Fees: C$ 300.00

Document Name: Certificado de Defuncion

Police Certificates

Fees: C$ 30 (approximately 1 USD)

Document Name: Certificado de Conducta

Issuing Authority: Policía Nacional

Document Name: Certificado de Identidad

Visa Issuing Posts

Managua, Nicaragua (Embassy)

Address: APO AA 3402l-3240

Visa Services

All visa categories for all of Nicaragua.

