# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Niger.html

U.S. Visas

Niger

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Entries, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

A-2, None, Multiple, 12 Months

A-3, None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1, None, One, 3 Months

B-2, None, One, 3 Months

C-1, None, One, 3 Months

D, None, One, 3 Months

F-1, $70.00, One, 3 Months

G-1, None, Multiple, 12 Months

H-1B, $50.00, One, 3 Months

K-1, None, One, 6 Months

U-1, None, One, 3 Months

Nationality: Niger

Post Title: Embassy

Address: Physical Address - Avenue des Ambassades, Niamey; Mailing Address - B.P. 112201 Niamey, Niger.

Phone Number: (227) 72-26-61/2/3/4, Fax: (227) 73-31-67.

Email: usemb@intnet.ne

Visa Services: All visa categories for Niger.

Immigrant visas for Nigerien nationals will be processed at the U.S. Embassy in Abidjan starting November 1, 2025.

Nonimmigrant visa applications from nationals of Niger should be made at the U.S. Embassy in Lome, or in another country with ongoing U.S. visa operations.

