# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/PalestinianAuthority.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Israel, Jerusalem, the West Bank and Gaza

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification | Fee | Number of Entries | Validity Period

A-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

B-1 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

C-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

D | None | Multiple | 60 Months

Death Certificates

Document Name: Teudat ptirah (Death Certificate)

Issuing Authority: Israeli Ministry of Interior (MOI)

Fees: No fee required

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Teudat Nissuim (Marriage Certificate)

Issuing Authority: Rabbinate (Rabbanut), through the municipal religious council

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: White. Rabbinical seal. Issued in Hebrew.

Police Certificates

Document Name: Israeli Criminal Information Certificate (ICIC)

Issuing Authority: Israel National Police (INP)

Palestinian Authority Non-Conviction Certificate

Fees: For a fee

Document Name: Non-Conviction Certificate

Issuing Authority: PA Ministry of Justice (MOJ)

