# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Peru.html

U.S. Visas

Peru

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1/D: None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

General Issuing Government Authority Information: The Registro Nacional de Identificacion Y Estado Civil (RENIEC) is the national civil records registry in Peru.

Birth and Death Certificates: Available

Fees: 10 Soles (approximately 3 USD) if requested online from RENIEC; 12 Soles (approximately 4 USD) if requested at a RENIEC office. Fees for birth certificates registered in municipalities not incorporated into RENIEC may vary.

Document Name: Birth Certificate (Partida de Nacimiento) and Death Certificate (Acta de Defunción).

Marriage Certificates: Available

Fees: 10.30 Soles (approximately 3 USD) if requested online from RENIEC; 12 Soles (approximately 4 USD) if requested at a RENIEC office. Fees for marriage certificates registered in municipalities not incorporated into RENIEC may vary.

Document Name: Marriage Certificate (Partida de Matrimonio)

Adoption Certificates: Available

Fees: There is no fee.

Document Name: Resolucion Directorial de Adopcion (Directorial Resolution of Adoption). This is the final adoption decree.

Military Records: Available to career service members.

Fees: 38.50 Soles (approximately 11 USD)

Document Name: Certificado de Antecedentes Judiciales y/o Penales (Certificate of Judicial and Criminal Records)

Available: Military records are available to career service members. They are not available for individuals who served a two-year mandatory period of service, which was abolished in 1999.

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official

Fees: The cost for obtaining a regular 10-year validity passport is 120.90 Soles (approximately 33 USD).

Visa Issuing Posts: Lima, Peru (Embassy)

Address: Avenida Encalada, Cuadra 17 s/n, Monterrico, Lima 33

Phone Number: (51-1) 618-2000

Visa Services: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

Additional Information for Reciprocity: Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

