# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Poland.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Poland

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Issuing Posts

Warsaw, Poland (Embassy)

Street Address: American Embassy Warsaw, Aleje Ujazdowskie 29/31, Warsaw 00-540, Poland

Mailing Address: U.S. Embassy-Warsaw, Department of State, Washington, DC 20510-5010

Consular Section: Piękna 12, Warsaw 00-540, Poland

U.S. Citizen Services: +48 22 504 2784

Public inquiries: E-mail: support-poland@usvisascheduling.com

Customer Service Line: General Visa Information Call Center +48 22 307 1361 or, in the United States at (703) 988 7101 8:00 am-4:00 pm Polish Time

U.S. Embassy website: https://pl.usembassy.gov/

In Poland, all immigrant, diversity, and K (fiancé) visa services for citizens and residents of Poland, Belarus, and Russia are provided by the U.S. Embassy in Warsaw. The U.S. Embassy Warsaw processes adoption cases for citizens and residents of Poland, Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine.

Poland’s participation in the Visa Waiver Program goes into effect on November 11, 2019. Polish nationals can now apply to travel to the United States for tourism or business purposes for up to 90 days without obtaining a U.S. visa.

