# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Philippines.html

U.S. Visas

Philippines

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 1 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

B-1/B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 120 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-3 None Multiple 60 Months

C-4/D-3 None Multiple 60 Months

CW-1 11 None Multiple 12 Months

CW-2 11 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 120 Months

E-1 $703.00 Multiple 60 Months

E-2 $552.00 Multiple 60 Months

E-2C 12 None Multiple 24 Months

F-1 None Multiple 60 Months

F-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-1 None Multiple 60 Months

G-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-3 None Multiple 60 Months

G-4 None Multiple 60 Months

G-5 1 None Multiple 24 Months

H-1B $459.00 Multiple 60 Months

H-1C None Multiple 60 Months

H-2A None Multiple 60 Months

H-2B None Multiple 60 Months

H-2R None Multiple 60 Months

H-3 None Multiple 60 Months

H-4 $459.00 Multiple 60 Months

I None Multiple 60 Months

J-1 4 None Multiple 60 Months

J-2 4 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

K-2 None One 6 Months

K-3 None Multiple 24 Months

K-4 None Multiple 24 Months

L-1 $459.00 Multiple 36 Months

L-2 $459.00 Multiple 36 Months

M-1 None Multiple 60 Months

M-2 None Multiple 60 Months

N-8 None Multiple 60 Months

N-9 None Multiple 60 Months

NATO 1-7 N/A N/A N/A

O-1 None Multiple 60 Months

O-2 None Multiple 60 Months

O-3 None Multiple 60 Months

P-1 None Multiple 60 Months

P-2 None Multiple 60 Months

P-3 None Multiple 60 Months

P-4 None Multiple 60 Months

Q-1 6 None Multiple 15 Months

R-1 $348.00 Multiple 60 Months

R-2 $348.00 Multiple 60 Months

S-5 7 None One 1 Month

S-6 7 None One 1 Month

S-7 7 None One 1 Month

T-1 9 N/A N/A N/A

T-2 None One 6 Months

T-3 None One 6 Months

T-4 None One 6 Months

T-5 None One 6 Months

T-6 None One 6 Months

TD 5 N/A N/A N/A

U-1 None Multiple 48 Months

U-2 None Multiple 48 Months

U-3 None Multiple 48 Months

U-4 None Multiple 48 Months

U-5 None Multiple 48 Months

V-1 None Multiple 120 Months

V-2 None Multiple 120 Months

V-3 None Multiple 120 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Visa Category Footnotes

General Documents

Review the instructions provided by the National Visa Center (NVC) or Kentucky Consular Center (KCC) for the list of required documents for immigrant and fiancé visas.

Civil documents issued by the Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA), and the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) are required. These agencies have branches and outlets throughout the Philippines and issue printed documents with security features.

For civil documents with legal changes, corrections, and court decisions, applicants should request civil documents and certificates that are issued with a 'CDLI' endorsement (Court Decree and Legal Instrument). This endorsement shows any amendments to the original document from marriages, annulments, name changes etc. Unless a CDLI copy is requested, the requester will receive the un-amended or original copy of the document, which will not be considered valid for visa application purposes.

General Issuing Authority Information:

The PSA is the central repository for all civil records coming from the Local Civil Registrar (LCR) offices nationwide, the National Archive Office, and records from Philippine Embassies across the globe.

A civil document can be obtained in three (3) ways:

In-person at any PSA office.

PSA SERBILIS is an online service for ordering civil documents.

PSA Helpline call center at (02) 8737-1111.

Local civil records in many localities in the Philippines have been destroyed due to war and natural calamities.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Birth Certificates

Available: Applications made in person by the individual or by their representative will be received at different Census Serbilis Centers.

Marriage Certificates

Available: Applications made in person by the owner or by their representatives will be received at different Census Serbilis Centers.

Adoption Certificates

Adoption Certificates are available through the National Authority for Child Care.

Military Records

Certificate of Prior Service

Issuing Authority: Armed Forces of the Philippines, Department of National Defense and/or Philippine National Police

Other Records

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy Manila, Philippines

Address: U.S. Embassy, 1201 Roxas Boulevard, Manila, Philippines 1000

Visa Services: All visa categories for all of the Philippines

