# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/RussianFederation.html

U.S. Visas

Russian Federation

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 36 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 36 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 36 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 36 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 24 Months

J-1: None, Multiple, 36 Months

K-1: None, One, 6 Months

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There are no fees

Document Name: свидетельство о рождении (Birth Certificate)

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Свидетельство о заключении брака (Certificate of Marriage)

Visa Issuing Posts

U.S. Embassy Moscow, Russia

Address: Bolshoy Deviatinsky Pereulok No. 8, Moscow 121099, Russian Federation

Phone Number: +7 (495)728-5000

Nonimmigrant Visas: As of September 6, 2025, nonimmigrant visas for nationals of Russia should be processed at the U.S. Embassy in Astana or Warsaw.

Immigrant Visas: As of August 28, 2025, immigrant visas for Russian nationals will be processed at the U.S. Embassy in Warsaw, Almaty, and Tashkent.

