# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Rwanda.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Rwanda

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms: Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification, Fee, Number of Applications, Validity Period

A-1, None, Multiple, 60 Months

B-1, None, Multiple, 120 Months

Death Certificates

Fees: Approximately 2,000 RWF

Available

Document Name: Actes de decès (death certificates)

Issuing Authority: Sector-level government

Registration Criteria: Hospital death certificates are most often the source document for actes de decès and Rwandan authorities usually trust that they are authentic.

Procedure for Obtaining: An increasing number of Rwandan records are available via the Irembo e-Service system or an Irembo agent. If this document is not available via Irembo, it is available from the local or sector-level government.

Comments: An attestation de decès (attestation) is equivalent to an affidavit or statement in the United States and may be obtained with no supporting documentation.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: Approximately 500 RWF

Document Name: Acte de mariage

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Original copy is oversized white piece of paper with stamped seal

Registration Criteria: Engaged couple must bring an attestation de celibat (attestation of celibacy) to sector officials.

Procedure for Obtaining: An increasing number of Rwandan records are available via the Irembo e-Service system.

Comments: Rwandan law does not recognize same-sex marriages, civil unions, or domestic partnerships.

Identity Card

Rwandan digital national ID cards were released in August of 2009. They resemble a plastic driver’s license.

Police Certificates

Fees: Approximately 1,200 RWF

Document Name: Extrait du casier judiciaire (Criminal record clearance)

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Justice Headquarters, Kigali.

Procedure for Obtaining: An increasing number of Rwandan records are available via the Irembo e-Service system or an Irembo agent.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy in Kigali

Address: 2657 Avenue de la Gendarmerie (Kacyiru), P.O. Box 28 Kigali, Rwanda

Phone Number: (250) 252-596-400

Email: consularkigali@state.gov

