# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SaintKittsandNevis.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

Death Certificates

Available

Local Fee is EAST CARIBBEAN DOLLAR $3.00, if applied for from the U.S. the fee is USD$3.00

Issuing Authority: Available from the Registrar General, Health Centre, Basseterre, St. Kitts.

Certified copies are available.

Marriage Certificates

Available in the form of certified copies of entries in the Register Book of Marriages from the Registrar General, Health Centre, Basseterre, St. Kitts.

Divorce Certificates

Local Fee of EAST CARIBBEAN DOLLAR $5.00

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Available: Ordinary, Diplomatic and Official

The fees are EAST CARIBBEAN DOLLAR $250 for applicants 16 years and older and EAST CARIBBEAN DOLLAR$150 for applicants under 16 years

Caribbean Community St. Christopher (St Kitts) and Nevis Passport

Immigrant visa and nonimmigrant visa applications for nationals of St. Kitts and Nevis are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados.

Post Contact Information

Post Title: Bridgetown, Barbados (Embassy)

Wildey Business Park, Wildey, St Michael, Barbados West Indies

