# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SaintLucia.html

U.S. Visas

Saint Lucia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 1 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

B-1/B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 120 Months

C-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-3 None Multiple 60 Months

CW-1 11 None Multiple 12 Months

CW-2 11 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 120 Months

E-1 2 No Treaty N/A

E-2 2 No Treaty N/A

E-2C 12 None Multiple 24 Months

F-1 None Multiple 60 Months

F-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-1 None Multiple 60 Months

G-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-3 None Multiple 60 Months

G-4 None Multiple 60 Months

G-5 1 None Multiple 24 Months

H-1B None Multiple 60 Months

H-1C None Multiple 60 Months

H-2A None N/A N/A

H-2B None N/A N/A

H-2R None Multiple 60 Months

H-3 None Multiple 60 Months

H-4 None Multiple 60 Months

I None Multiple 60 Months

J-1 4 None Multiple 60 Months

J-2 4 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

K-2 None One 6 Months

K-3 None Multiple 24 Months

K-4 None Multiple 24 Months

L-1 None Multiple 60 Months

L-2 None Multiple 60 Months

M-1 None Multiple 60 Months

M-2 None Multiple 60 Months

N-8 None Multiple 60 Months

N-9 None Multiple 60 Months

NATO 1-7 N/A N/A N/A

O-1 None Multiple 60 Months

O-2 None Multiple 60 Months

O-3 None Multiple 60 Months

P-1 None Multiple 60 Months

P-2 None Multiple 60 Months

P-3 None Multiple 60 Months

P-4 None Multiple 60 Months

Q-1 6 None Multiple 15 Months

R-1 None Multiple 60 Months

R-2 None Multiple 60 Months

S-5 7 None One 1 Month

S-6 7 None One 1 Month

S-7 7 None One 1 Month

T-1 9 N/A N/A N/A

T-2 None One 6 Months

T-3 None One 6 Months

T-4 None One 6 Months

T-5 None One 6 Months

T-6 None One 6 Months

TD 5 N/A N/A N/A

U-1 None Multiple 48 Months

U-2 None Multiple 48 Months

U-3 None Multiple 48 Months

U-4 None Multiple 48 Months

U-5 None Multiple 48 Months

V-1 None Multiple 60 Months

V-2 None Multiple 60 Months

V-3 None Multiple 60 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

There is no general document information.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: $8 EC per copy

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: May be obtained from the Registrar of Civil Status, Castries, St. Lucia.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: The current certificate is computer printed on gray, non-security paper, size 17x 6 rectangular format. It contains a red seal from Registry of Civil Status Saint Lucia and a Registrar of Civil Status date stamp.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Registrar of Civil Status

Registration Criteria: There are no registration criteria.

Procedure for Obtaining: May be obtained from the Registrar of Civil Status.

Certified Copies: Certified copies are available.

Alternate Documents: Birth and Baptismal Certificates are also issued by the St. Lucia registrar.

Exceptions: There are no exceptions.

Comments: It is common for older birth certificates not to list the name of the child or of one parent.

Death Certificates

Fees: $5 EC per Copy

Document Name: Certificate of Death

Procedure for Obtaining: May be obtained from the Civil Status Registry.

Alternate Documents: There are no alternate documents.

Comments: Burial certificates are also available at $6 EC per copy.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: The current certificate is a computer printed two-sided A4 non-security paper.

Registration Criteria: Applicants must apply for license from the Attorney General’s Office.

Procedure for Obtaining: May be obtained from the Civil Status Registry, once the marriage officer records the marriage with the registry.

Comments: Please contact the Registrar of Civil Status for further information.

Divorce Certificates

Fees: There may be a fee associated, please contact Registrar of the Supreme Courts in Saint Lucia.

Document Name: Certificate of Making Decree Nisi Absolute

Issuing Authority: Available from the Registrar of Civil Status, Castries, St. Lucia.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Registrar of Supreme Courts

Registration Criteria: Once a divorce is granted by court and it is registered with the office of Deeds & Mortgages, applicants will receive the final certificate.

Procedure for Obtaining: May be obtained from the Registrar of Supreme Courts, Saint Lucia.

Adoption Certificates

Document Name: Adoption Certificate

Issuing Authority: Available from the Registrar’s office

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: The current certificate is computer printed on non-security paper, size 17x 6 rectangular format.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: May be obtained from the Civil Status Registry Lucia.

Procedure for Obtaining: Once the adoption has been granted by the courts, the certificate becomes available from the Registrar’s office.

Identity Card

Fees: No Fee, though lost cards incur a fee of $100 EC

Document Name: National ID Card

Issuing Authority: St. Lucia Electoral Department

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Color photo ID card lists name, date of birth, place of birth, sex, nationality, address, and issue and expiry dates.

Procedure for Obtaining: Contact St. Lucia Electoral Department for further information.

Police, Court, Prison Records

Police Certificates

Fees: The fee is $15 EC and processing time is typically two weeks.

Document Name: Police Certificate of Character

Issuing Authority: Saint Lucia Police

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Commissioner of Police

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicant must fill out an application form and provide two identical passport sized photos.

Court/Prison Records

Fees: Fees may vary, contact the Office of the Commissioner of Police for more information

Document Name: Court Records

Issuing Authority: May be obtained from the Criminal Record Department, Office of the Commissioner of Police, Castries, St. Lucia.

Military Records

Unavailable: Defense is provided through the RSS (Regional Security System). St. Lucia does not have a military.

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.

St. Lucia operates a citizenship by investment program whereby foreigners may obtain St. Lucia citizenship and a full validity St. Lucia passport for an investment of $250,000.

Fees: $80 EC

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Government Authority: Royal Saint Lucia Police Force

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Immigration Department

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicants must follow online instructions.

Other Records

Baptismal Certificate

Fees: There are no fees.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Bridgetown, Barbados (Embassy)

Address: Wildey Business Park, Wildey St Michael, BB14006 Barbados, W.I

Phone Number: 246 227 4000

Visa Services

IV and NIV applications for nationals of St. Lucia are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados.

