# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SaintVincentandtheGrenadines.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1/D: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

CW-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

CW-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

D: None, Multiple, 120 Months

E-1: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2: No Treaty, N/A, N/A

E-2C: None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-4: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-5: None, Multiple, 24 Months

H-1B: $2,533.00, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1C: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2A: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2B: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-2R: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-4: None, Multiple, 60 Months

I: $4,329.00, Multiple, 60 Months

J-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1: None, One, 6 Months

K-2: None, One, 6 Months

K-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

K-4: None, Multiple, 24 Months

L-1: $4,309.00, Multiple, 60 Months

L-2: $4,309.00, Multiple, 60 Months

M-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-8: None, Multiple, 60 Months

N-9: None, Multiple, 60 Months

NATO 1-7: N/A, N/A, N/A

O-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

O-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-4: None, Multiple, 60 Months

Q-1: None, Multiple, 15 Months

R-1: $2,089.00, Multiple, 60 Months

R-2: $2,089.00, Multiple, 60 Months

S-5: None, One, 1 Month

S-6: None, One, 1 Month

S-7: None, One, 1 Month

T-1: N/A, N/A, N/A

T-2: None, One, 6 Months

T-3: None, One, 6 Months

T-4: None, One, 6 Months

T-5: None, One, 6 Months

T-6: None, One, 6 Months

TD: N/A, N/A, N/A

U-1: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-2: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-3: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-4: None, Multiple, 48 Months

U-5: None, Multiple, 48 Months

V-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

V-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

V-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

General Documents

General Document Information: Beginning in 2013, the Registrar General of St. Vincent and the Grenadines began issuing computer generated vital records on security paper. Previous handwritten versions of civil documents are no longer accepted by St. Vincent and the Grenadines authorities.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: EC $15.00

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: Available from the Registrar General's Office, Kingstown, St. Vincent. Records are complete since 1864.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: 8.5x11 computer-generated multi-colored document with a blue border with image of a colored parrot on a branch in the middle of the document. The certificate has a watermark and a white embossed seal with a serial number in the upper right corner.

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: Registrar General

Registration Criteria: Information online at judiciary.gov.vc.

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicant must follow online instructions

Certified Copies Available: New originals are generated by the registrar.

Alternate Documents: There are no alternate documents

Exceptions: None

Comments: Previous versions of this document were handwritten on a form without security features. Handwritten versions are no longer accepted by St. Vincent and the Grenadines authorities.

Death Certificates

Document Name: Death Certificate

Procedure for Obtaining: Applicant must follow online instructions.

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Issuing Authority: Available from the Registrar General's Office, Kingstown, St. Vincent. Records are complete since 1868.

Divorce Certificates

Fees: EC $5.60 plus EC $0.60 for each additional page, if any.

Document Name: Decree Absolute

Issuing Authority: Available from the Registrar of the High Court, Kingstown, St. Vincent as a certified copy of the Decree Absolute. Records are complete since 1915.

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: A4 documents signed by the Registrar of the High Court

Procedure for Obtaining: May be obtained from the Registrar of the High Court

Comments: Please contact the Registrar of the High Court for further information: Registry of High Court, Credit Union League Building, Pauls Avenue Kingstown, Telephone: 784-457-1091.

Adoption Certificates

Fees: $15 EC

Document Name: Certified Copy of an entry Adoption

Issuing Authority: Available from the Registrar General's Office, Kingstown, St. Vincent.

Identity Card

Fees: There is no fee

Document Name: National Identity Card

Issuing Authority: Electoral Office

Police Certificates

Fees: EC $10.00.

Issuing Authority: Available from Police Headquarters, Kingstown, St. Vincent. Records are complete since 1937

Court/Prison Records

Unavailable: Data is included in the police certificate.

Military Records

Unavailable

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.):

Fees: $150 EC (applicants 16 years and over) $80EC (applicants under 16 years)

Issuing Government Authority: Immigration Office, Bay Street Kingstown

Other Records

Baptismal Certificates

Available from the church where the baptism occurred. Fee: EC $5.00.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy Bridgetown

Address: Wildey Business Park, Wildey St Michael, BB14006 Barbados, W.I

Phone Number: 246-227-4000

Visa Services

IV and NIV applications for nationals of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines are processed by the U.S. Embassy in Bridgetown, Barbados.

