# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SanMarino.html

U.S. Visas

San Marino

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 1 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 60 Months

B-2 None Multiple 60 Months

B-1/B-2 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1/D None Multiple 60 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

C-3 None Multiple 60 Months

CW-1 11 None Multiple 12 Months

CW-2 11 None Multiple 12 Months

D None Multiple 60 Months

E-1 2 No Treaty N/A

E-2 2 No Treaty N/A

E-2C 12 None Multiple 24 Months

F-1 None Multiple 16 Months

F-2 None Multiple 16 Months

G-1 None Multiple 60 Months

G-2 None Multiple 60 Months

G-3 None Multiple 60 Months

G-4 None Multiple 60 Months

H-1B $153.00 Multiple 60 Months

H-1C None Multiple 60 Months

H-2A None Multiple 60 Months

H-2B None Multiple 60 Months

I None Multiple 9 Months

J-1 4 None Multiple 60 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

L-1 $308.00 Multiple 60 Months

Marriage Certificates

Available. The Office of Vital Statistics (Ufficio di Stato Civile) issues marriage certificates to residents and non-residents.

Divorce Certificates

Available. Prior to 1985 divorce was not granted. Presently a divorce decree or a certificate showing that a person is divorced can be obtained from the Office of Vital Statistics.

Police Records

Available. The Certificato Penale is issued by the Penal Tribunal. It can be requested through a delegate lawyer or through the Embassy of San Marino abroad.

U.S. Consulate General Naples (Consulate General)

U.S. Embassy Rome (Embassy)

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

