# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SaoTomeandPrincipe.html

U.S. Visas

Sao Tome and Principe

Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

12 Months

A-2

B-1

One

3 Months

B-2

C-1

D

IV and NIV applications for nationals of Sao Tome and Principe are processed by U.S. Embassy Luanda in Angola.

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Temporary Reciprocity Schedule

Country Acronyms

Terrorist Designation Lists

State Sponsors of Terrorism

Treaty Countries

Visa Issuing Posts

Police Records: Available from Office of Civil Registry (Conservatoria do Registro Civil), Ministry of Interior, Sao Tome. The applicant should provide a national identity card number.

Prison Records: Available. See Police Records.

Military Records: Available from Ministry of Interior or from the appropriate military service commander.

