# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SaudiArabia.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Saudi Arabia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification  Fee  Number of Entries  Validity Period

A-1  None  Multiple  60 Months

A-2  None  Multiple  60 Months

A-3  None  Multiple  24 Months

B-1  None  Multiple  120 Months

B-2  None  Multiple  120 Months

B-1/B-2  None  Multiple  120 Months

C-1  None  Multiple  3 Months

C-1/D  N/A  N/A  N/A

C-2  None  Multiple  3 Months

C-3  None  Multiple  3 Months

CW-1  None  Multiple  12 Months

D  None  Multiple  24 Months

H-1B  $1,900.00  Multiple  24 Months

H-4  $941.00  Multiple  12 Months

Criminal Record Certificate / Police Certificates

Available: All Saudi citizens and non-citizens currently residing in Saudi Arabia

Fees: No charge

Document Name: Criminal Record Certificate or Police Certificate

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Interior

Procedure for Obtaining: Electronic Request for Criminal Record Certificate

Applicants can ask their employer to request a Criminal Record Certificate electronically on the Amen portal.

In-Person Request for Criminal Record Certificate

Contact information for the Ministry of Interior is as follows: Telephone: 920020405, Email: info@moi.gov.sa, Customer Support Hours: 07:30 AM - 02:30 PM

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia (Embassy)

Address: Unit 61307, APO AE 09803-1307

Phone Number: +966-11-488-3800

Visa Services: Riyadh provides Immigrant Visa services for all of Saudi Arabia. Nonimmigrant Visa Services are provided in Riyadh, Jeddah, and Dhahran.

