# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Senegal.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Senegal

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

36 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

One

3 Months

B-2

C-1

D

48 Months

E-1

No Treaty

N/A

General Documents

There is no general document information

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: At the Communes - 200F to 500FCFA, at the “communautes rurales”- 75F to 150FCFA.

Document Name: Extrait du Registre des Actes de Naissance

Issuing Authority: La Mairie’s office

Issuing Authority Personnel Title: “Officier d’Etat Civil”

Registration Criteria: Births registered within 45 days of the date of delivery: Will show the registry number, name of the child, both parents’ names, and the date and time of the birth.

Applicants must apply at the La Mairie’s office where the birth took place.

Death Certificates

Document Name: Extrait du Registre des Actes de Deces ou certificat de décès

Death registration must be done before a year after the event.

Marriage Certificates

Document Name: Certificat de Mariage Celebre, Certificat de Mariage Constate, or Certificat de Mariage

Comments: Couples who register their marriages on the same day as the ceremony receive a “Certificat de Mariage Celebre”.

Divorce Certificates

Document Name: Certificat de Divorce or Extrait de Jugement de Divorce

Issuing Authority: La Mairie’s office or “Greffier de Tribunal Civil”

Military Records

Document Name: Certificat de Position Militaire for non-military and Etat signalétique et des services for military

Issuing Authority: Chef de la division de Recrutement-Mobilisation

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, Official

Fees: 20000FCFA (10000F for students)

Document Name: Passport

Issuing Government Authority: MINT/DGSN/DPETV

Procedure for Obtaining: Pay fees, book appointment with the call center, and submit ID or birth certificate to the Bureau des Passeports.

Other Records

Education - The most reliable education records are national standardized test results.

Visa Issuing Posts

Dakar, Senegal (Embassy)

Post Title: Embassy

Address: B.P. 49, Dakar, Senegal

Phone Number: (221) 33879-4000, Fax: (221) 822-5903

Email: dakarimmigrantvisa@state.gov

Visa Services: US Embassy Dakar processes immigrant and nonimmigrant visas.

