# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Serbia.html

U.S. Visas

Serbia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 36 Months

D None Multiple 36 Months

E-1 None Multiple 12 Months

F-1 None Multiple 15 Months

H-1B None Multiple 12 Months

K-1 None One 6 Months

U-1 None Multiple 48 Months

U-2 None Multiple 48 Months

General Documents

General Document Information

Serbian civil documents are secure documents, accurate and reliable.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: 520 dinars

Document Name: Izvod iz Maticne Knjige Vencanih

Issuing Authority: Civil Registrar (Maticar)

Divorce Certificate

Fees: 390 dinars

Document Name: Presuda o razvodu braka

Issuing Authority: Basic court (Osnovni okruzni sud) which decided the case.

Police Certificates

Fees: 830 dinars

Document Name: Uverenje o (ne)kažanjavanju also known as Izvod iz kaznene evidencije

Issuing Authority: Ministry for Internal Affairs (MUP - Ministarstvo unutrasnjih poslova)

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy in Belgrade, Serbia

Address: Bulevar kneza Aleksandra Karadjordjevica 92

Phone Number: 381-11-706-4000

E-mail: consbelgrade@state.gov

Visa Services: All visa categories for Serbia. Immigrant visas for Montenegro.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

