# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Seychelles.html

U.S. Visas

Seychelles

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification | Fee | Number of Entries | Validity Period

A-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

A-2 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

A-3 | None | Multiple | 24 Months

B-1 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

B-2 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

B-1/B-2 | None | Multiple | 120 Months

C-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

C-1/D | None | Multiple | 60 Months

C-2 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

C-3 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

CW-1 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

D | None | Multiple | 60 Months

E-1 | No Treaty | N/A | N/A

E-2 | No Treaty | N/A | N/A

E-2C | None | Multiple | 24 Months

F-1 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

F-2 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

G-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

G-2 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

G-3 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

G-4 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

H-1B | $790 | Multiple | 24 Months

H-1C | None | Multiple | 60 Months

H-2A | None | N/A | N/A

H-2B | None | N/A | N/A

H-2R | None | Multiple | 60 Months

H-3 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

H-4 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

I | None | Multiple | 3 Months

J-1 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

J-2 | None | Multiple | 60 Months

K-1 | None | One | 6 Months

K-2 | None | One | 6 Months

L-1 | $2,867.00 | Multiple | 60 Months

Visa Issuing Posts

Port Louis, Mauritius (Embassy)

Nairobi, Kenya (Embassy)

Nonimmigrant visa applications for nationals of the Seychelles are processed at the U.S. Embassy in Port Louis, Mauritius.

Immigrant visa applications for nationals of the Seychelles are processed at the U.S. Embassy in Johannesburg, South Africa.

