# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SierraLeone.html

U.S. Visas

Sierra Leone

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 36 Months

A-2 None Multiple 36 Months

A-3 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

B-1/B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None One 3 Months

C-1/D None One 3 Months

C-2 None Multiple 36 Months

C-3 None Multiple 36 Months

CW-1 None One 3 Months

D None One 3 Months

General Documents

The Government of Sierra Leone (GoSL) control over identity documents has increased over the years.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Birth Certificates Available

Fees: Births and Death Certificate Le 25.00. Current Birth Registration and Certification (0 to 90 days) of birth is FREE.

Issuing Authority: Directorate of Births and Deaths.

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Marriage Certificates Available

Fees: Two hundred Leones (SLL200,00).

Issuing Authority: Depends on type of marriage.

Adoption Certificates

Available Fees: Two hundred Leones (SLL200,00) per child of citizen of adopted parent.

Issuing Authority: National Civil Registration Authority (NCRA)

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): Passports: Regular, Diplomatic, Official, Emergency Travel Certificate.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: U.S. Embassy Freetown

Address: Southridge Hill Station, Freetown Sierra Leone

Phone Number: 232 99 105 000

Visa Services: Embassy provides Non-Immigrant Visas and Immigrant Visas services.

