# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Singapore.html

U.S. Visas

English

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Singapore

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

B-1: None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

B-1/B-2: None, Multiple, 120 Months

C-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-1/D: None, Multiple, 60 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

C-3: None, Multiple, 60 Months

CW-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

CW-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

D: None, Multiple, 60 Months

E-1: None, Multiple, 24 Months

E-2: None, Multiple, 24 Months

F-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

F-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

G-2: None, Multiple, 60 Months

H-1B: None, Multiple, 60 Months

J-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

K-1: None, One, 6 Months

K-2: None, One, 6 Months

L-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

M-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

NATO 1-7: N/A, N/A, N/A

O-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

P-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

R-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

V-1: None, Multiple, 60 Months

Post Title: Singapore (Embassy)

Address: 27 Napier Road, Singapore 258508

Phone Number: (65) 6476-9100

All visa categories for all of Singapore.

