# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Slovenia.html

U.S. Visas

Slovenia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

Certificate of No Criminal Record

Certificate of No Current Penal Proceedings

Military Records

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.)

Fees: Please refer to the relevant Slovenian authority for detailed information on passport fees for the most up-to-date fee information.

Issuing Government Authority: Administrative Unit (Upravna enota).

Emergency Travel Document (ETD) can be issued for return only in case of loss/theft/destruction or other unavailability of an EU citizen’s passport.

Issuing Authority for Civil Status Documents

