# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Slovakia.html

U.S. Visas

Slovakia

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

A-1

None

Multiple

48 Months

A-2

A-3

12 Months

B-1

120 Months

B-2

C-1

D

60 Months

General Documents

Persons not physically present in Slovakia may apply for the required documents through Slovakian diplomatic or consular representatives abroad.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Fees: First is free of charge, duplicate copy is 7 EUR and electronic duplicate 3.5 EUR. Document Name: Birth Certificate (Rodný list).

Issuing Authority: Issued by the Vital records office (Matrika) in the place of birth.

Marriage Certificates

Marriage Certificate (Sobášny list), Fees: First is free of charge, duplicate is 5 EUR.

Judgement

Slovak Courts

Fees: Additional copies of divorce decrees are subject to fees.

U.S. Embassy in Bratislava, Slovak Republic

Address: Hviezdoslavovo namestie 4, 811 02 Bratislava, Slovakia

Phone Number: +421-2-5443-0861

E-mail: consulbratislava@state.gov

All Immigrant and Nonimmigrant visa categories for the Slovak Republic.

