# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Somalia.html

U.S. Visas

Somalia

The Somali Republic

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 12 Months

A-2 None Multiple 12 Months

A-3 None One 3 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

B-1/B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None One 3 Months

C-1/D None One 3 Months

C-2 None One 3 Months

C-3 None One 3 Months

General Documents

Although the United States formally recognized the new government of Somalia on January 17, 2013, there continues to be no recognized competent civil authority to issue civil documents.

Birth Certificates

Affidavits of Birth: Applicants should submit a sworn affidavit by at least two individuals before a notary public, lawyer, or attorney that contains the following information - where the birth took place, when it took place, and the full name of both parents to whom the child was born.

Death Certificates

Affidavits of Death: Applicants should submit a sworn affidavit by at least two individuals before a notary public, lawyer, or attorney that contains the following information - where the death took place, when it took place, and who confirmed the death (if anyone).

Marriage Certificates

Affidavits of Marriage: Applicants should submit a sworn affidavit by at least two individuals before a notary public, lawyer, or attorney that contains the following information - where the marriage took place, when it took place, and full names of the parties married.

Divorce Certificates

Affidavits of Divorce: Applicants should submit a sworn affidavit by at least two individuals before a notary public, lawyer, or attorney that contains the following information - where the divorce took place, when it took place, and full names of the parties divorced.

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: Embassy

Physical Address: United Nations Avenue, Gigiri, Nairobi

Mailing Address: APO AE 09831-8900

International Mailing Address: P.O. Box 30137 Nairobi, Kenya

Phone Number: Tel: 254-2-363-6000, After hours emergencies: 254-2-363-6170

Immigrant visas for Somali nationals will be processed at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi starting November 1, 2025.

