# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SouthAfrica.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

South Africa

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 36 Months

A-2 None Multiple 36 Months

A-3 None Multiple 24 Months

B-1 None Multiple 120 Months

B-2 None Multiple 120 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

C-2 None Multiple 12 Months

General Documents

All citizens and permanent residents of South Africa must have an identity document.

Birth Certificates

Fees: The first Unabridged Birth Certificate issued is free.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: The first Unabridged Marriage Certificate issued is free.

Adoption Certificates

Fees: R70.00 (Seventy Rand)

Identity Card

Fees: R140.00 (One hundred and forty Rand)

Police Records

Fees: R59.00 (Fifty-nine Rand)

U.S. Consulate General Johannesburg

Address: 1 Sandton Drive, Sandhurst

Phone Number: +27 (11) 290-3000

Visa Services: All visa categories (including all Follow-to-Join Refugees and Asylees)

U.S. Consulate General Cape Town

Address: 2 Reddam Ave, Westlake

Phone Number: +27 (11) 702-7300

Visa Services: Nonimmigrant visas only

U.S. Consulate General Durban

Address: 303 Dr. Pixley KaSeme Street, 31st Floor, Delta Towers

Phone Number: +27 (31) 310-3300

