# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SolomonIslands.html

U.S. Visas

Solomon Islands

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country*/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

60 Months

A-2

A-3

24 Months

B-1

B-2

B-1/B-2

C-1

C-1/D

C-2

12 Months

C-3

CW-1

CW-2

D

E-1

No Treaty

N/A

E-2

E-2C

F-1

F-2

G-1

G-2

G-3

G-4

H-1B

$90.00

H-1C

H-2A

H-2B

H-2R

H-3

H-4

I

J-1

J-2

K-1

One

6 Months

K-2

K-3

K-4

L-1

L-2

M-1

3 Months

M-2

N-8

N-9

NATO 1-7

O-1

O-2

O-3

P-1

P-2

P-3

P-4

Q-1

15 Months

R-1

R-2

S-5

1 Month

S-6

S-7

T-1

T-2

T-3

T-4

T-5

T-6

TD

U-1

48 Months

U-2

U-3

U-4

U-5

V-1

V-2

V-3

Please check back for update.

Birth Certificates

Generally available. All births occurring at Central Hospital in the capital city of Honiara, (P.O. Box 349, Honiara, Solomon Islands); Phone (+677) 23600; Fax: (+677) 24243) are issued a Certificate of Live Birth. Births that occur in rural areas can be issued a birth certificate, upon adequate proof of identity, by the Home Affairs office in the Anthony Saro Building in Honiara. If a child has at least one non-national parent, a birth certificate can be obtained from the Registrar General, P.O. Box 404, Honiara, Solomon Islands; Phone: (+677) 20465; Faxes: (+677) 20786 or 22148. This service is not available for children whose parents are both Solomon Island nationals.

Death Certificates

Available if the death occurred in Honiara. Death certificates are issued by the National Referral Hospital (NRH) in Honiara and signed by the doctor who attended the death or received the body. If the death occurred outside of the hospital, relatives can apply and provide proof of death to the medical superintendent at NRH, who will sign the death certificate. The NRH general number is (+677) 23600. Alternatively, try +(677) 22812. Death certificates may not be available if the death occurred on an outer island or rural area.

Marriage Certificates

Available for civil marriages from the Provincial Magistrate of the district where the marriage occurred and for religious marriages from the church where the ceremony was performed. Customary marriages are not registered, although they are recognized as legal in Solomon Islands, if proven that consent between parties was given.

Divorce Certificates

Not applicable.

The Immigration Division of the Ministry of Commerce, Employment and Trade issues Certificates of Identity to Solomon Islanders whose passports have been lost or stolen and to foreign nationals whose passports have been lost or stolen in Solomon Islands and who cannot obtain another passport. In these cases the document is valid only for return travel to the foreign national’s home country and must be surrendered to the immigration official upon entering the home country. This document meets the requirements of section 101(A)(30) of the Immigration and Nationality Act.

Additional Information for Reciprocity

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

