# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SouthSudan.html

U.S. Visas

South Sudan

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Birth Certificates: Birth certificates and age assessments are available only to those resident in South Sudan.

Death Certificates: Available. Hospitals issue death certificates on behalf of each state's ministry of health.

Marriage Certificates: Available. Marriage certificates may be obtained from the church or mosque only.

Divorce Certificates: Not available.

Adoption Certificates: Not available.

Identity Card: The Ministry of Interior issues identity cards to those eighteen years and older.

Police and Prison Records: Certificates of good conduct from the police are currently available for applicants residing in South Sudan.

Military Records: In practice, military records are not available.

Passports & Other Travel Documents: Passports are issued by the Ministry of Interior.

Visa Issuing Posts: Juba, South Sudan -- A and G visas only. Addresses: U.S. Embassy Juba, Kololo Road, next to EU compound, Juba, South Sudan.

Additional Information for Reciprocity: Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

