# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/SriLanka.html

U.S. Visas

Sri Lanka

Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Birth Certificates

Fees: Rs.100 per copy

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: Divisional Secretariat

Special Seal(s) / Color / Format: Official Format with the official frank

Registration Criteria: There are no registration criteria.

Procedure for Obtaining: Birth certificates can be obtained from the Additional District Registrar office.

Certified Copies Available: Certified copies are available.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: Rs. 1000

Document Name: Registrar of Marriages and Additional District Registrar

Registration Criteria: Everyone, other than where both parties are Muslims, can register their marriage under Marriage (general) Registration Ordinance.

Procedure for Obtaining: Upon registration and request to Additional District Registrar

Police Certificates

Fees: Rs. 1000 only for those applying outside Sri Lanka

Document Name: Police Clearance Certificate

Issuing Authority: Police Headquarters, Colombo

Court Records can be obtained through the registrar of the relevant court on a request.

Post Title: US Embassy, Colombo, Sri Lanka

Address: 210, Galle Road, Colombo 03, Sri Lanka

Phone Number: 94-2498500

Visa Services: Post Colombo processes Non-Immigrant Visas and immigrant Visas

