# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Spain.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Spain

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. "M" means multiple times. If there is a number, such as "One", you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification - A-1: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

Visa Classification - A-2: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

Visa Classification - A-3: None, Multiple Entries, 12 Months

Visa Classification - B-1: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

Visa Classification - B-2: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

Visa Classification - B-1/B-2: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

Visa Classification - C-1: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

Visa Classification - C-2: None, Multiple Entries, 12 Months

Visa Classification - D: None, Multiple Entries, 120 Months

Visa Classification - E-1: $204.00, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

Visa Classification - E-2: $124.00, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

Visa Classification - F-1: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

Visa Classification - H-1B: None, Multiple Entries, 60 Months

Country Specific Footnotes

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

Documents Available

Police Certificates are available online to anyone age 18 or older with a valid passport or Spanish identity document.

Available: Birth Certificates

Fees: Check the web page for details.

Issuing Authority: The Civil Registry (Registro Civil) on behalf of the Justice Ministry (Ministerio de Justicia)

Available: Marriage Certificates

Available: Death Certificates

Available: Adoption Certificates

Issuing Authority: Civil court ruling

Available: Identity Card

Fees: Visit the web page for details.

Issuing Authority: General Police Directorate (Dirección General de la Policía). National Police Corp (Cuerpo Nacional de Policía) on behalf of the Ministry of Home Affairs (Ministerio de Asuntos Interiores).

Available: Military Records

Not requested by U.S. Embassy Madrid, as military service is not mandatory in Spain.

Post Title: U.S. Embassy Madrid, Spain

Mailing Address: APO AE 09642-8500

Street Address: Calle Serrano 75 Madrid

Tel: (34) (91) 587-2200

