# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Sudan.html

U.S. Visas

Sudan

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification | Fee | Number of Entries | Validity Period

A-1 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

A-2 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

A-3 | None | Multiple | 12 Months

B-1 | None | One | Months

B-2 | None | One | 3 Months

C-1 | None | One | 3 Months

C-2 | None | One | 3 Months

C-3 | None | One | 3 Months

General Documents

All government issued documents may be authenticated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for submission to foreign authorities.

Birth, Death, Burial Certificates

Marriage, Divorce Certificates

Available: Marriage certificates (Islamic or non-Islamic) in Sudan are issued by the Judiciary based on documentation provided by religious authorities who conduct the marriage.

Certificates

Issuing Authority: Sudan Judiciary, Ministry of Justice

Document Name: Passport

Document Name: Death Certificate

Certificate of Good Conduct

Military Records

Available: Identity cards are available through the Ministry of Interior, Civil Records.

Registration Criteria: Present applicant’s national number

Post Title: U. S. Embassy Khartoum

Street Address: Kilo 10, off Wad Medani Highway, Soba, Khartoum, Sudan

Phone Number: (249) 1-870-22000

