# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Sweden.html

U.S. Visas

Sweden

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Extract of the population register (“Personbevis”)

Issuing Authority: Swedish Tax Agency (“Skatteverket”)

Procedure for Obtaining: For a complete version, one must call the Swedish Tax Agency.

Death Certificates

Document Name: ”Dödsfallsintyg” and ”Släktutredning”

Marriage Certificates

Adoption Certificates

Document Name: “Adoptionshandling”

Identity Card

Fees: SEK 400

Document Name: “Nationellt id-kort” (national id card)

Police Certificates

Fees: 255 SEK

Document Name: ”Registerutdrag,” version ”Utdrag ur belastningsregistret – utlandsändamål” (extract from the register of criminal convictions – for use of foreign powers)

Military Records

Document Name: Certificate of fulfilment of military service (”Intyg om totalförsvarsplikt, exempelvis om tjänstgöring eller befrielse från tjänstgöring”)

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available (Regular, Diplomatic, Official, etc.): National, diplomatic, service, emergency.

Fees: Regular: SEK 500, Emergency: SEK 980

Other Records

Swedish Citizenship Act

Change of Name Certificates

Post Title: Stockholm, Sweden (Embassy)

Address: Dag Hammarskjölds Väg 31

Tel: +46 (0)8 783 5300

Visa Services: All categories for all of Sweden.

