# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Syria.html

U.S. Visas

Syria

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Applications Validity Period

A-1 None One 6 Months

A-2 None One 6 Months

A-3 None One 6 Months

B-1 None One 3 Months

B-2 None One 3 Months

C-1 None One 3 Months

Civil documents

The Civil Affairs offices in Syria maintain records of birth, marriage, divorce and death for most Syrians.

Birth Certificates: Available, Fees: 20 SYP, Document Name: Birth Record, Issuing Authority: The Civil Affairs - Ministry of Interior.

Marriage Certificates: Available, Fees: 20 SYP, Document Name: Marriage Record, Issuing Authority: The Civil Affairs - Ministry of Interior.

Divorce Certificates: Available, Fees: 20 SYP, Document Name: Statement of Divorce, Issuing Authority: The Civil Affairs - Ministry of Interior.

Military Records: Available, Document Name: Flag Service Card, Issuing Authority: Ministry of Defense.

Passport Update as of February 5, 2024: Between August and December 2023, the Government of Syria began issuing a new passport book.

Regular Passport Fees: 4000 SYP, Expedited: 15000 SYP.

Visa Issuing Posts: Damascus, Syria (Embassy)--Services currently suspended.

Visa Services: Immigrant visas for Syrian nationals will be processed at the U.S. Embassy in Amman, and the U.S. Embassy in Beirut (for Palestinians with Syrian Travel Documents).

Sharing information: Share this page via email or on social media.

