# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Taiwan.html

U.S. Visas

English

Taiwan

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification Fee Number of Entries Validity Period

A-1 None Multiple 60 Months

A-2 None Multiple 60 Months

A-3 None Multiple 12 Months

B-1 None Multiple 60 Months

B-2 None Multiple 60 Months

C-1 None Multiple 60 Months

Educational Credentials

General Document Information: Fees for many documents (such as court documents) vary depending on the municipality and if it is a first-time application, a renewal, or a replacement.

Birth Certificates

Fees: NT$115 to apply for both Chinese and English versions.

Death Certificates

Fees: Fees vary depending on the municipality and if it is a first time application or a replacement.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: NT$100

Divorce Certificates

Adoption Certificates

Passports & Other Travel Documents

Types Available: Regular, Diplomatic, and Official

Fees: NT$1,300 for a regular, 10-year passport (US$45)

Visa Issuing Posts

Post Title: American Institute in Taiwan, Taipei

Address: 100 Jinhu Road, Neihu District

Phone Number: +886 2-7741-7989 or +886 2-7741-7998

Visa Services: All nonimmigrant visa (NIV) and immigrant visa (IV) services

