# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Tajikistan.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Tajikistan

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay.

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1

None

Multiple

24 Months

A-2

A-3

B-1

One

3 Months

B-2

C-1

General Documents

Civil documents, except as noted below, are available in Tajikistan.

Birth Certificates

Available

Fees: There are no fees.

Document Name: Birth Certificate

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Tajikistan.

Marriage Certificates

Fees: 300 TJS (equivalent to 30 USD) – for marriages between the Tajik citizens

Document Name: Marriage Certificate

Issuing Authority: Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Tajikistan

Divorce Certificates

Fees: 675 TJS (equivalent to 68 USD)

Document Name: Divorce Certificate

Passport

Types Available: Regular, Official, Diplomatic and Stateless Person Passports

Fees: Regular passport - 75 USD (paid in TJS equivalent amount) + 152 TJS

Issuing Government Authority: Regular passports are issued by the Ministry of Internal Affairs

U.S. Embassy in Dushanbe

Address: U.S. Embassy Dushanbe, 109 A Ismoili Somoni Ave., Dushanbe

Phone Number: +992 372 292300

Email: DushanbeVisas@state.gov

The Consular Section of the U.S. Embassy in Dushanbe provides non-immigrant and immigrant visa services, as well as American citizen services.

Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

