# U.S. Visas

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/Visa-Reciprocity-and-Civil-Documents-by-Country/Tanzania.html

U.S. Visas

U.S. Visa: Reciprocity and Civil Documents by Country

Tanzania

Official Country Name: United Republic of Tanzania

Reciprocity Schedule

Select a visa category below to find the visa issuance fee, number of entries, and validity period for visas issued to applicants from this country/area of authority.

Explanation of Terms

Visa Classification: The type of nonimmigrant visa you are applying for.

Fee: The reciprocity fee, also known as the visa issuance fee, you must pay. This fee is in addition to the nonimmigrant visa application fee (MRV fee).

Number of Entries: The number of times you may seek entry into the United States with that visa. 'M' means multiple times. If there is a number, such as 'One', you may apply for entry one time with that visa.

Validity Period: This generally means the visa is valid, or can be used, from the date it is issued until the date it expires, for travel with that visa. If your Validity Period is 60 months, your visa will be valid for 60 months from the date it is issued.

Visa Classifications

Visa Classification

Fee

Number of Entries

Validity Period

A-1: None, Multiple, 12 Months

A-2: None, Multiple, 12 Months

A-3: None, Multiple, 12 Months

B-1: None, One, 3 Months

B-2: None, One, 3 Months

B-1/B-2: None, One, 3 Months

C-1: None, One, 3 Months

C-1/D: None, One, 3 Months

C-2: None, Multiple, 24 Months

C-3: None, Multiple, 24 Months

H-1B: $845.00, One, 3 Months

H-1C: $485.00, One, 3 Months

H-2A: $485.00, N/A, N/A

Marriage Certificates: Available. Marriage certificates can be obtained for all civil marriages and other marriages contracted after May 1971.

Divorce Certificates: Available. Certified copies of divorce decrees can be obtained from the Registrar, High Court, P.O. Box 9004, Dar es Salaam.

Birth Certificates: Available. Certificates of birth can be obtained from the Register General of Births and Deaths, P.O. Box 9183, Dar es Salaam, for births since April 1921.

Death Certificates: Available.

Identity Card: Available. Certificates of identity are obtainable from the Principal Immigration Officer, P.O. Box 512, Dar es Salaam.

Police Records: To obtain a certificate of good conduct for mainland Tanzania, applicants residing outside of Tanzania must send a complete set of fingerprints.

General Documents: Please check back for update.

Tanzania: All visa categories for all of Tanzania including Pemba and Zanzibar Islands.

Additional Information for Reciprocity: Although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information provided, please contact the U.S. Embassy or Consulate where you plan to apply if you believe this information is in error or if you have further questions.

