# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/pause-of-routine-visa-operations-ouagadougou.html

Newsroom

U.S. Visas News

Pause of Routine Visa Operations - Ouagadougou

Effective October 10, 2025, U.S. Embassy Ouagadougou has temporarily paused all routine visa services. This pause includes applications for immigrant visas as well as nonimmigrant visas for tourists, business travelers, students, exchange visitors, and most other nonimmigrant categories. Visa applicants with scheduled appointments have been notified. We will update our website when appointment scheduling resumes and inform applicants whose appointments were rescheduled. Applications for A-1, A-2, G-1, G-2, G-4, C-2, and C-3 diplomatic and official visas will continue to be processed.

FAQs – Pausing of Routine Visa Operations

Can I schedule an appointment? At this time, no visa appointments can be scheduled at U.S. Embassy Ouagadougou. We will update our website when appointment scheduling resumes and inform applicants directly when they can reschedule.

Why are appointments being cancelled? The Department of State is committed to ensuring that its visa process upholds the highest standards for U.S. national security and public safety. We are currently reviewing and evaluating existing screening and vetting procedures worldwide.

Does this affect my current valid visa? No. This does not affect any currently valid visas.

Can I get a refund if my existing appointment is affected by the pause? No. Appointment scheduling will resume after the pause is lifted. At that time, appointments affected by the pause will be rescheduled, and the applicants will be notified. Nonimmigrant visa application fees are valid for 365 days from the date of receipt issuance for applicants to schedule their interview appointments. The interview appointment itself may occur later than the 365-day cutoff date, as long as the scheduling is completed within 365 days.

