# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/Intercountry-Adoption.html

Intercountry Adoption

English

Intercountry adoption is one of the Department of State’s highest priorities. We believe it should be an option for children in need of permanent homes when it is in the best interest of the child and domestic solutions have been given due consideration. Over the years, thousands of U.S. citizens have adopted children from abroad. Families habitually resident in other countries also adopt children from the United States.

Intercountry adoption is the process by which you adopt a child from a country other than your own through permanent legal means and then bring that child to your country of residence to live with you permanently. This website can give you valuable information about intercountry adoptions, from starting the process to post-adoption information.

Learn More About Intercountry Adoption

About Adoption Service Providers

Adoption Process

Post Adoption

Adoptions from the United States

For Adoption Professionals

Country Information

Adoption Reference

Read all adoption news and notices

To ensure prompt receipt of Office of Children's Issues notices and announcements regarding intercountry adoption, subscribe to our stakeholder listserv.

Contact us

Adoption FAQs and Publications

