# Newsroom

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/preventing-public-benefits-reliance.html

Newsroom

U.S. Visas News

Preventing Public Benefits Reliance

What is a public charge?

A public charge is a person that becomes primarily dependent on the government for subsistence, as demonstrated by accepting public cash assistance for income maintenance or long-term institutionalization at government expense.

This includes things like:

Receiving resources from the U.S. Social Security Administration’s Supplemental Security Income program;

Receiving services from the federally funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program;

Receiving General Assistance from state and local programs that aim to help low-income families;

Long-term institutionalized care at nursing facilities and/or mental health institutions at government expense.

What are the consequences of nonimmigrant visa holders abusing public benefits?

The consequences of abusing U.S. public benefits as a foreign visitor could include having your visa revoked.

It also could include future visa ineligibility, and in the case of fraud, criminal prosecution.

How does a consular officer determine if a visa applicant is ineligible for a visa due to public charge concerns?

For more than 100 years, the U.S. Department of State has had the authority under the Immigration and Nationality Act to deny a visa based on the likelihood of an applicant becoming a public charge in the United States.

Consular officers are tasked with vigilant screening and vetting of visa applicants to prevent non-U.S. citizens who cannot cover their own living expenses, including medical costs, from traveling to the United States with the expectation that American taxpayers will bear those costs.

Consular officers consider all aspects of a visa application to determine an applicant’s circumstances, including but not limited to age, health, family status, financial status, education/skills, and current or past use of U.S. public benefits.

Can non-U.S. citizens still travel to the United States for medical treatment?

Non-U.S. citizens who can demonstrate they are not likely to become reliant on the U.S. government for public benefits or medical care can still be considered for a visa to travel to the United States for the treatment and return to their home country.

Consular officers adjudicate visas on a case-by-case basis. We do not issue a visa until an applicant has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the consular officer adjudicating the case that he or she is eligible to receive a visa under U.S. law.

