# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/update-on-dv-program-2025-close-to-7-percent-cap-for-egypt.html

Newsroom

U.S. Visas News

Update on Diversity Visa (DV) Program 2025: Close to Reaching 7 Percent Cap for Egypt

Under U.S. immigration law, no single country can receive more than seven percent of the available diversity visas (DVs) in any one fiscal year. Egypt is close to reaching the per-country limit of seven percent of the 52,056 visa numbers available for FY 2025. As we are approaching this cap, it may become necessary to take steps to avoid exceeding the country-specific numerical limits. This includes potentially canceling visa interview appointments for individuals for whom a visa is not available.

Individuals impacted by the early conclusion of the DV program for nationals of any country which reaches the seven-percent limit may reapply in subsequent program years for which their foreign state of chargeability qualifies for the DV program.

As provided in the annual program instructions, selection does not guarantee that an applicant will receive a visa interview or a visa. Selection means the person may be eligible to participate in the DV program and may potentially apply for a visa, but it is not a guarantee. Due to the probability that some of the first 55,000 persons selected will not qualify for visas or ultimately choose not to participate in the program, more individuals are selected to participate in the program each year than the number of visas which are available. This ensures maximum use of the total number of visas available each year.

