# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/update-on-dv-program-2025.html

Newsroom

English

U.S. Visas News

Update on Diversity Visa (DV) Program 2025

The 2025 Diversity Visa (DV) Program has ended. By law, selectees are only eligible to receive a visa during the fiscal year for which they were selected, which for FY 2025, ran from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. The DV Program allows people from countries with low U.S. immigration rates, who meet eligibility requirements, to enter for a chance to apply for a U.S. immigrant visa.

As provided in the DV-2025 program instructions, selection does not guarantee that an applicant will receive a visa interview or a visa. Selection means the person may be eligible to participate in the DV program and may potentially apply for a visa. The DV program is limited to the annual issuance of up to 55,000 visas, as adjusted each year under the Nicaraguan and Central American Relief Act (NACARA), as amended by Section 5104 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024. Due to the probability that not all persons selected will qualify for visas or ultimately choose to participate in the program, more people are selected to participate in the program each year than the number of visas available.

