# Newsroom

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/News/visas-news/update-on-dv-program-2026.html

Newsroom

U.S. Visas News

Update on Diversity Visa (DV) Program 2026

2026 Diversity Visa (DV) program Entrant Status Check results for certain entrants from Cuba and for Great Britain (United Kingdom) and its dependent areas.

In reviewing the entry selection system for the DV - 2026 Program, The U.S. Department of State determined that for a small number of entrants from Cuba, the selection status results may have incorrectly shown they were selected.

Cuban natives are not eligible to participate in the 2026 program year.

Accordingly, the Department has notified individuals who selected Cuba as their foreign state of chargeability that they will be ineligible for the 2026 program year.

Further, the U.S. Department of State determined that for a small number of entrants from Great Britain (United Kingdom) and its dependent areas, the selection status results may have been previously incorrectly reported.

The Department of State asks that DV-2026 entrants from Great Britain (United Kingdom) and its dependent areas go to the Entrant Status Check and use the unique confirmation number saved from their DV-2026 online entry registration to confirm whether their entry has been selected in the DV program.

Selectees are reminded that, under U.S. law, eligibility to apply for a Diversity Immigrant Visa extends through the end of the fiscal year (September 30), and that visas may become unavailable before that date if the Department issues all visa numbers authorized by Congress for that fiscal year.

In order to be scheduled for an interview, selectees who wish to immigrate must first submit a complete DS-260 application.

If scheduled, selectees should be prepared to provide all required documentation at the time of interview, including a medical exam.

Great Britain (United Kingdom) includes the following dependent areas: Anguilla, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, British Indian Ocean Territory, Cayman Islands, Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Montserrat, Pitcairn, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, St. Helena, and Turks and Caicos Islands. Please note Northern Ireland is treated as a separate foreign state of chargeability for DV purposes, and that natives of Northern Ireland are not affected by this notice.

