# Americans in the Middle East: For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/laws-regulations/us-visa-policy.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Applying for a Visa

We welcome travelers from around the world coming as temporary visitors, or to immigrate to the United States, in accordance with U.S. immigration laws.

United States laws enacted by Congress, including those in the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), govern matters related to processing and issuance of visas and travel to the United States, including entry and exit of all travelers across the nation’s borders. Additionally, more recent immigration laws have an impact on visa processing, including, as examples, the USA Patriot Act of 2001 and the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Reform Act of 2002. Learn more about U.S. immigration laws and regulations.

Visa Processing Time Information

Apply early! Even with the visa processing improvements that have been made and will continue to be made, visa processing times vary from case to case. It is inevitable that delays will sometimes occur.

If you apply for a visa, a consular officer will adjudicate your application and determine whether to issue or refuse your visa in accordance with U.S. laws. If a visa applicant has not established that he or she is eligible for a visa, the consular officer must refuse that application. However, some refused visa applications may be refused because they require further administrative processing. The duration of the administrative processing will vary based on the individual circumstances of each case.

Visa applicants are reminded to apply early for their visas, well in advance of the anticipated travel date.

If you want to visit the U.S. and require a visa, plan to schedule your visa interview well in advance of your departure date. Learn more by reviewing this website information and contact the U.S. Embassy or consulate where you will apply for detailed “how-to” instructions.

Web Resources

Immigration Laws and Regulations, USCIS Website

Guidance to Consular Officers, Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM)

Nonimmigrant Classifications and Types of Visas

Immigrant Classifications and Types of Visas

When to contact Department of State vs. Department of Homeland Security

Law & Policy - In This Section

Visa Bulletin

Visa Statistics

Laws and Regulations

