# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin.html

Legal Resources

English

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

The Visa Bulletin

Current Visa Bulletin

March 2026

Upcoming Visa Bulletin

Coming Soon

NOTE: The Final Action Dates and Dates for Filing published within the Visa Bulletins on this site are listed in the DAY-MONTH-YEAR (dd-mmm-yy) format.

USCIS, in coordination with the Department of State, is revising the procedures for determining visa availability for applicants waiting to file for employment-based or family-sponsored preference adjustment of status. The revised process will better align with procedures the Department of State uses for foreign nationals who seek to become U.S. permanent residents by applying for immigrant visas at U.S. consulates and embassies abroad.

See more information on the changes here: USCIS Announces Revised Procedures for Determining Visa Availability for Applicants Waiting to File for Adjustment of Status.

Archived Visa Bulletins: Online versions of the Visa Bulletin are for informational purposes only and every effort has been made to ensure their accuracy. Any questions regarding a cut-off date for a specific month can often be confirmed by consulting an official copy of the Visa Bulletin, available upon request from the Visa Office.

Comprehensive Lists of Final Action Dates:

The lists below are updated annually. Please refer to the Visa Bulletins above for final action dates established during the current fiscal year.

Family Preference

Worldwide (non-oversubscribed countries only, which are those not individually listed below) Family Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

China (mainland-born only) Family Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

India Family Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

Mexico Family Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

Philippines Family Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

Employment Preferences

Worldwide (non-oversubscribed countries only, which are those not individually listed below) Employment Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

China (mainland-born only) Employment Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

India Employment Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

Mexico Employment Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

Philippines Employment Preference Final Action Dates from FY1992-2023

Afghan and Iraqi (SI) Final Action Dates (Only lists years when a Final Action Date was established. For all years NOT listed, the category was Current.)

Operation of the Numerical Control Process - Explains how immigrant visas subject to numerical limitations are allotted and the determination of cut-off dates for the Visa Bulletin.

