# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2021/visa-bulletin-for-february-2021.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For February 2021

Number 50 Volume X Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during February for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

1. Procedures for determining dates.

2. Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000. The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

3. INA Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

4. Section 203(a) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Family-sponsored immigrant visas as follows: FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

Final Action Dates for FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

The Visa Bulletin

Visa Statistics

Laws & Regulations

Loss of U.S. Nationality and Service in the Armed Forces of a Foreign State - Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) Section 349(a)(3)

Final Action Dates for EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

Diversity Immigrant (DV) Category for the Month of February

The Department of State has a recorded message with the Final Action date information which can be heard at: (202) 485-7699.

Annual Report of Immigrant Visa Applicants in the Family-Sponsored and Employment-Based Preferences Registered at the National Visa Center as of November 1, 2020.

Obtaining the Monthly Visa Bulletin

To be placed on the Department of State’s E-mail subscription list for the 'Visa Bulletin', please send an E-mail to listserv@calist.state.gov.

Department of State Publication 9514

