# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2021/visa-bulletin-for-july-2021.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For July 2021

Number 55 Volume X Washington, D.C

View as Printer Friendly PDF

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during July for: “Final Action Dates” and “Dates for Filing Applications,” indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000. The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

The chart reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process. Applicants for immigrant visas who have a priority date earlier than the application date in the chart may assemble and submit required documents to the Department of State’s National Visa Center.

B. DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

5. Section 203(b) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Employment-based immigrant visas as follows:

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF JULY

For July, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2021 applicants chargeable to all regions/eligible countries.

SCHEDULED EXPIRATION OF THE EMPLOYMENT-BASED FIFTH PREFERENCE I5 and R5 REGIONAL CENTER VISA CATEGORIES

FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

OBTAINING THE MONTHLY VISA BULLETIN

To be placed on the Department of State’s E-mail subscription list for the “Visa Bulletin”, please send an E-mail to the following E-mail address: listserv@calist.state.gov.

