# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2021/visa-bulletin-for-january-2021.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For January 2021

Number 49 Volume X Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during January for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Unless otherwise indicated on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website at www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo, individuals seeking to file applications for adjustment of status with USCIS in the Department of Homeland Security must use the 'Final Action Dates' charts below.

1. Procedures for determining dates.

Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

Allocations in the charts below were made, to the extent possible, in chronological order of reported priority dates, for demand received by December 8th.

2. Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000.

The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

Section 202 prescribes that the per-country limit for preference immigrants is set at 7% of the total annual family-sponsored and employment-based preference limits, i.e., 25,620.

Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

A. FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

The chart below indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; and 'U' means unauthorized, i.e., numbers are not authorized for issuance.

Family-Sponsored Preferences

F1: Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

F2A: Spouses and Children of Permanent Residents: 77% of the overall second preference limitation.

F2B: Unmarried Sons and Daughters (21 years of age or older) of Permanent Residents: 23% of the overall second preference limitation.

F3: Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400, plus any numbers not required by first and second preferences.

F4: Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens: 65,000, plus any numbers not required by first three preferences.

B. DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

Applicants for immigrant visas who have a priority date earlier than the application date in the chart below may assemble and submit required documents.

5. Section 203(b) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Employment-based immigrant visas.

A. FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

C means current, i.e., numbers authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; U means unauthorized.

B. DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action.

6. The Department of State has a recorded message with the Final Action date information which can be heard at: (202) 485-7699.

B. DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF JANUARY

The NACARA stipulates that beginning with DV-99, up to 5,000 annual diversity visas will be made available for use under the NACARA program.

For January, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2021 applicants chargeable to all regions/eligible countries.

C. THE DIVERSITY (DV) IMMIGRANT CATEGORY RANK CUT-OFFS WHICH WILL APPLY IN FEBRUARY

D. FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

E. SCHEDULED EXPIRATION OF TWO EMPLOYMENT VISA CATEGORIES

F. OBTAINING THE MONTHLY VISA BULLETIN

