# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2021/visa-bulletin-for-june-2021.html

Legal Resources

English

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For June 2021

Number 54 Volume X Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during June for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Procedures for determining dates.

Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000. The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000. Section 202 prescribes that the per-country limit for preference immigrants is set at 7% of the total annual family-sponsored and employment-based preference limits, i.e., 25,620. The dependent area limit is set at 2%, or 7,320.

INA Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition on behalf of each has been filed.

B. FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed.

Family-Sponsored Preferences

Employment-Based Preferences

Final Action Dates for Employment-Based Preference Cases.

The 1st Preference is for Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level.

DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF JUNE

For June, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2021 applicants chargeable to all regions/eligible countries.

D. FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

E. @TRAVELGOV BEGINS HOSTING MONTHLY YOUTUBE LIVE 'CHATS WITH CHARLIE'

F. OBTAINING THE MONTHLY VISA BULLETIN

To be placed on the Department of State’s E-mail subscription list for the 'Visa Bulletin', please send an E-mail to the following E-mail address: listserv@calist.state.gov

