# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2021/visa-bulletin-for-march-2021.html

Legal Resources

English

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For March 2021

Number 51

Volume X

Washington, D.C.

STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during March for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Unless otherwise indicated on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website, individuals seeking to file applications for adjustment of status with USCIS in the Department of Homeland Security must use the 'Final Action Dates' charts below for determining when they can file such applications.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

INA Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; and 'U' means unauthorized.

DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process. Applicants for immigrant visas who have a priority date earlier than the application date in the chart below may assemble and submit required documents to the Department of State’s National Visa Center.

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF MARCH

REPORTING CHANGES OF ADDRESS FOR CASES BEING PROCESSED OVERSEAS

All readers should be aware that any change of address or email for applicants processing their case overseas should always be reported to the National Visa Center (NVC).

OBTAINING THE MONTHLY VISA BULLETIN

To be placed on the Department of State’s E-mail subscription list for the 'Visa Bulletin', please send an E-mail to listserv@calist.state.gov and in the message body type: Subscribe Visa-Bulletin.

