# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2021/visa-bulletin-for-september-2021.html

Legal Resources

English

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For September 2021

Number 57 Volume X Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during September for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Unless otherwise indicated on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website at www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo, individuals seeking to file applications for adjustment of status with USCIS in the Department of Homeland Security must use the 'Final Action Dates' charts below for determining when they can file such applications.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

The fiscal year 2021 limit for family-sponsored preference immigrants determined in accordance with Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) is 226,000. The fiscal year 2021 limit for employment-based preference immigrants calculated under INA 201 is 262,288.

Family-Sponsored PREFERENCES

Final Action Dates for FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; and 'U' means unauthorized, i.e., numbers are not authorized for issuance.

Dates for Filing FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

B. DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

The Department of State has a recorded message with the Final Action date information which can be heard at: (202) 485-7699. This recording is updated on or about the seventeenth of each month with information on final action dates for the following month.

DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF SEPTEMBER

Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year to permit additional immigration opportunities for persons from countries with low admissions during the previous five years.

For September, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2021 applicants chargeable to all regions/eligible countries as follows.

The final action dates for the I5 and R5 categories have been listed as 'Unavailable' for September.

If there is legislative action extending this category for September, the final action dates would immediately become 'Current' for September for all countries except China-mainland born I5 and R5, which would be subject to a November 22, 2015 final action date.

The State Department is required to make the determination of the worldwide numerical limitations on an annual basis.

The Department of State has determined the Family and Employment preference numerical limits for FY-2021 in accordance with the terms of Section 201 of the INA. These numerical limitations for FY-2021 are as follows: Worldwide Family-Sponsored preference limit: 226,000; Worldwide Employment-Based preference limit: 262,288.

To be placed on the Department of State’s E-mail subscription list for the 'Visa Bulletin', please send an E-mail to the following E-mail address: listserv@calist.state.gov.

