# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2022/visa-bulletin-for-december-2021.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For December 2021

Number 60 Volume X Washington, D.C

View as Printer Friendly PDF

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during December for: “Final Action Dates” and “Dates for Filing Applications,” indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

1. Procedures for determining dates.

2. Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000.

3. INA Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

4. Section 203(a) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Family-sponsored immigrant visas.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

Family-sponsored Preferences

1st: (F1) Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

2nd: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200.

3rd: (F3) Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400.

4th: (F4) Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens: 65,000.

B. DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications.

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

Employment-based

1st: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level.

2nd: Members of the Professions Holding Advanced Degrees or Persons of Exceptional Ability.

3rd: Skilled Workers, Professionals, and Other Workers.

B. DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year to permit additional immigration opportunities.

Entitlement to immigrant status in the DV category lasts only through the end of the fiscal (visa) year for which the applicant is selected.

Scheduled expiration of employment fourth preference certain religious worker (SR) category.

China-mainland born employment-based fifth preference C5 and T5 non-regional center visa categories become 'Current' for December.

FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

Department of State Publication 9514 CA/VO: November 8, 2021

