# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2022/visa-bulletin-for-august-2022.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For August 2022

Number 68 Volume X Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during August for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

1. Procedures for determining dates.

2. Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000. The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000. Section 202 prescribes that the per-country limit for preference immigrants is set at 7% of the total annual family-sponsored and employment-based preference limits, i.e., 25,620. The dependent area limit is set at 2%, or 7,320.

3. INA Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

4. Section 203(a) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Family-sponsored immigrant visas as follows:

FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

Final Action Dates for FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

FAMILY-SPONSORED

All Chargeability Areas Except Those Listed

CHINA-mainland born

INDIA

MEXICO

PHILIPPINES

Employment-based

EL SALVADOR GUATEMALA HONDURAS

Diversity Immigrant (DV) Category for the Month of August

Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year to permit additional immigration opportunities for persons from countries with low admissions during the previous five years.

DV visas are divided among six geographic regions. No one country can receive more than seven percent of the available diversity visas in any one year.

For August, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2022 applicants chargeable to all regions/eligible countries.

Eligibility and cut-off information regarding the DV-2023 program.

Establishment of Family Second A Preference Final Action Date

For the latest information on visa processing at U.S. Embassies and Consulates during the COVID-19 pandemic, please visit the Bureau of Consular Affairs website at travel.state.gov.

Department of State Publication 9514 CA/VO: July 1, 2022

