# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2022/visa-bulletin-for-january-2022.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For January 2022

Number 61
 Volume X
 Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during January for: “Final Action Dates” and “Dates for Filing Applications,” indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000.

The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

Family-sponsored PREFERENCES

1: Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

2: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200.

3: Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400.

4: Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens: 65,000.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

Family-sponsored preference case details

B. DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

Visit www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo for information on whether USCIS has determined that this chart can be used for filing applications for adjustment of status with USCIS.

Section 203(b) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Employment-based immigrant visas.

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

1st: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level.

2nd: Members of the Professions Holding Advanced Degrees or Persons of Exceptional Ability: 28.6% of the worldwide level.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

Employment-based preference case details

B. DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF JANUARY

Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year to permit additional immigration opportunities.

C. THE DIVERSITY (DV) IMMIGRANT CATEGORY RANK CUT-OFFS WHICH WILL APPLY IN FEBRUARY

EXPIRATION OF THE EMPLOYMENT-BASED FIFTH PREFERENCE I5 AND R5 REGIONAL CENTER VISA CATEGORIES

EXTENSION OF EMPLOYMENT FOURTH PREFERENCE CERTAIN RELIGIOUS WORKERS (SR) CATEGORY

FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

Department of State Publication 9514
 CA/VO: December 8, 2021

