# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2022/visa-bulletin-for-june-2022.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For June 2022

Number 66 Volume X Washington, D.C

View as Printer Friendly PDF

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during June for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Unless otherwise indicated on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website at www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo, individuals seeking to file applications for adjustment of status with USCIS in the Department of Homeland Security must use the 'Final Action Dates' charts below for determining when they can file such applications.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000.

The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

Section 202 prescribes that the per-country limit for preference immigrants is set at 7% of the total annual family-sponsored and employment-based preference limits, i.e., 25,620. The dependent area limit is set at 2%, or 7,320.

Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

Family-Sponsored PREFERENCES

Final Action Dates for FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; and 'U' means unauthorized, i.e., numbers are not authorized for issuance.

B. DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

Table of Family-Sponsored Visa Dates

Employment-Based PREFERENCES

Final Action Dates for EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

Table of Employment-Based Visa Dates

B. DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

Diversity Immigrant (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF JUNE

Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year to permit additional immigration opportunities for persons from countries with low admissions during the previous five years.

Table of DV Visa Availability

G. FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

