# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2022/visa-bulletin-for-november-2021.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For November 2021

Number 59 Volume X Washington, D.C.

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during November for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

1. Procedures for determining dates.

2. Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000.

4. Section 203(a) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Family-sponsored immigrant visas as follows:

FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

First: (F1) Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

Second: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200, plus the number (if any) by which the worldwide family preference level exceeds 226,000, plus any unused first preference numbers.

A. FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

The listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; and 'U' means unauthorized, i.e., numbers are not authorized for issuance.

DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

5. Section 203(b) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Employment-based immigrant visas as follows:

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

First: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level, plus any numbers not required for fourth and fifth preferences.

A. FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

B. DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF NOVEMBER

Section 203(c) of the INA provides up to 55,000 immigrant visas each fiscal year to permit additional immigration opportunities for persons from countries with low admissions during the previous five years.

Entitlement to immigrant status in the DV category lasts only through the end of the fiscal (visa) year for which the applicant is selected in the lottery.

C. THE DIVERSITY (DV) IMMIGRANT CATEGORY RANK CUT-OFFS WHICH WILL APPLY IN DECEMBER

D. EXPIRATION OF THE EMPLOYMENT-BASED FIFTH PREFERENCE I5 AND R5 REGIONAL CENTER VISA CATEGORIES

E. CHINA-MAINLAND BORN AND INDIA EMPLOYMENT THIRD PREFERENCE FINAL ACTION DATES RETROGRESS FOR NOVEMBER

F. EXPLANATION OF THE NUMERICAL CONTROL SYSTEM, ANNUAL AND PER-COUNTRY LIMITS

WHAT CAUSES THE ESTABLISHMENT OF FINAL ACTION DATES?

Annual Family-sponsored and Employment-based limit.

Per-country limit.

@TRAVELGOV HOSTING MONTHLY YOUTUBE LIVE 'CHATS WITH CHARLIE'

FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

