# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2022/visa-bulletin-for-september-2022.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For September 2022

Number 69 Volume X Washington, D.C

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during September for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status. Allocations in the charts below were made, to the extent possible, in chronological order of reported priority dates, for demand received by August 3rd.

The fiscal year 2022 limit for family-sponsored preference immigrants determined in accordance with Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) is 226,000. The fiscal year 2022 limit for employment-based preference immigrants calculated under INA 201 is 281,507.

Section 203(a) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Family-sponsored immigrant visas.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

Family-Sponsored Preferences

First: (F1) Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

Second: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200, plus the number (if any) by which the worldwide family preference level exceeds 226,000, plus any unused first preference numbers.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

Employment-Based Preferences

First: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level, plus any numbers not required for fourth and fifth preferences.

The Diversity (DV) Immigrant Category Rank Cut-Offs Which Will Apply in October

AVAILABILITY OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISAS DURING SEPTEMBER

DETERMINATION OF THE NUMERICAL LIMITS ON IMMIGRANTS REQUIRED UNDER THE TERMS OF THE IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT (INA)

Department of State Publication 9514 CA/VO: August 3, 2022

