# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2022/visa-bulletin-for-october-2021.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For October 2021

Number 58 Volume X Washington, D.C

View as Printer Friendly PDF

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during October for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

1. Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

2. Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) sets an annual minimum family-sponsored preference limit of 226,000.

3. INA Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

4. Section 203(a) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Family-sponsored immigrant visas.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants.

Family-sponsored preferences

1st: (F1) Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

2nd: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200.

3rd: (F3) Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required by first and second preferences.

4th: (F4) Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens: 65,000 plus any numbers not required by first three preferences.

B. DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

5. Section 203(b) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Employment-based immigrant visas.

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

1st: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed.

Employment-based

Family-sponsored categories (potential monthly movement)

Worldwide dates:

FAMILY-sponsored categories (potential monthly movement)

EMPLOYMENT-based categories (potential monthly movement)

G. @TRAVELGOV HOSTING MONTHLY YOUTUBE LIVE “CHATS WITH CHARLIE”

@TravelGov will be hosting 'Chats with Charlie' on our YouTube channel to discuss information provided in the monthly Visa Bulletin.

H. OBTAINING THE MONTHLY VISA BULLETIN

To be placed on the Department of State’s E-mail subscription list for the 'Visa Bulletin', please send an E-mail to the following E-mail address: listserv@calist.state.gov and in the message body type: Subscribe Visa-Bulletin.

