# Americans in the Middle East:

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/Intercountry-Adoption/about-adoption-service-providers.html

For consular information or assistance, call the Department of State’s 24/7 Task Force at +1-202-501-4444 (from abroad) and 1-888-407-4747 (from the U.S. and Canada). View more.

Intercountry Adoption

About Adoption Service Providers

Each year the United States welcomes more children into homes through intercountry adoption than any other nation in the world. Since 1999, Americans have adopted over 250,000 children from abroad. This could not have been possible without the dedication of so many adoption service providers to finding loving homes for children.

Throughout our site, you will find varied information that touches upon many different aspects of the intercountry adoption process. As the U.S. Central Authority for the Hague Adoption Convention, consider us your first stop for questions about the Convention, accreditation, and its impact on the adoption process.

Find out who we are. What is the role of the Office of Children's Issues in the intercountry adoption process?

Learn about the Universal Accreditation Act of 2012 and what it means for adoption service providers

Read our information about the Hague Adoption Convention. Learn about becoming accredited, approved, or temporarily accredited to provide adoption services for Convention cases. Who is accredited? Also, Find out how to renew your accreditation, and keep up-to-date on the list of Convention countries.

Compare the Hague adoption process from the non-Hague process. What's the difference?

Obtain the latest Adoption Notices & Alerts about new, important developments.

Stay on top of the laws and regulations that impact intercountry adoption. What does your organization need to know?

Refer prospective adoptive parents to our About Adoption section. This section provides prospective adoptive parents with a general overview of the eligibility requirements for prospective adoptive parents and the intercountry adoption process in general.

Research intercountry adoption statistics.

File a complaint against an adoption agency

We appreciate the commitment that you have to assisting children and prospective adoptive parents. We are here to help.

Information on Agency Accreditation and Approval

The Accreditation Process

Renewing Accreditation

Guidance on Supervising Foreign Providers

Adoption Tracking Service

Accreditation Technical Guidance

22 CFR 96.47(c)(1) - Review of Home Studies - performed in accordance with State law 07/30/09

FAQ - Guidance on Whether a Primary Provider is Needed in Every Convention Case

FAQ - Primary Providers

Publications

FAQ - Adoptions by Prospective Adoptive Parents who Reside Outside of the United States

FAQ - Conducting Home Studies for American Citizens Residing Abroad in Incoming/Immigrating Convention Cases

FAQ - Clarification Regarding Primary Provider Rules for Incoming Adoptions

Accreditation Technical Guidance (PDF)

Helpful Links

U.S. Government

Centers for Disease Control International Adoption Health Information

U.S. Department of State, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Office of Children's Issues

U.S. Department of State, Bureau of Consular Affairs

U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services

AdoptUsKids

Child Welfare information Gateway

Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute (CCAI)

Other Helpful Links

Adoptive Families Magazine

Adoptive Parents Committee

American Academy of Adoption and Assisted Reproductive Attorneys

Child Welfare League of America

The Center for Adoption Support and Education

Dave Thomas Foundation

Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute

International Social Services

National Adoption Center

National Council for Adoption (NCFA)

North American Council on Adoptable Children (NACAC)

Note: Inclusion of non-U.S. Government links does not imply endorsement of contents.

