# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2024/visa-bulletin-for-december-2023.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For December 2023

Number 84 Volume X Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS FOR PREFERENCE IMMIGRANT VISAS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during December for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

The fiscal year 2024 limit for family-sponsored preference immigrants determined in accordance with Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) is 226,000.

The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

C means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; and U means unauthorized, i.e., numbers are not authorized for issuance.

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed.

Family-Sponsored Preferences

FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

F1: Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

F2A: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200, plus the number (if any) by which the worldwide family preference level exceeds 226,000, plus any unused first preference numbers.

F3: Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400, plus any numbers not required by first and second preferences.

F4: Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens: 65,000, plus any numbers not required by first three preferences.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

First: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level, plus any numbers not required for fourth and fifth preferences.

Second: Members of the Professions Holding Advanced Degrees or Persons of Exceptional Ability.

DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF DECEMBER

Entitlement to immigrant status in the DV category lasts only through the end of the fiscal (visa) year for which the applicant is selected in the lottery.

Department of State Publication 9514

CA/VO: November 9, 2023

