# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2024/visa-bulletin-for-may-2024.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For May 2024

Number 89 Volume X Washington, D.C

VIEW AS PRINTER FRIENDLY PDF

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS FOR PREFERENCE IMMIGRANT VISAS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during May for: 'Final Action Dates' and 'Dates for Filing Applications,' indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Unless otherwise indicated on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website, individuals seeking to file applications for adjustment of status with USCIS must use the 'Final Action Dates' charts below for determining when they can file such applications.

2. The fiscal year 2024 limit for family-sponsored preference immigrants is 226,000.

3. INA Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

First: (F1) Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

Second: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200.

Third: (F3) Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400.

Fourth: (F4) Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens: 65,000.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

The chart below indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, and 'U' means unauthorized.

B. DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

Visit www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo for information on whether USCIS has determined that this chart can be used for filing applications for adjustment of status with USCIS.

5. Section 203(b) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Employment-based immigrant visas.

EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

First: Priority Workers: 28.6% of the worldwide employment-based preference level.

B. DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

D. DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF MAY

For May, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2024 applicants.

Entitlement to immigrant status in the DV category lasts only through the end of the fiscal (visa) year for which the applicant is selected.

C. THE DIVERSITY (DV) IMMIGRANT CATEGORY RANK CUT-OFFS WHICH WILL APPLY IN JUNE

D. EMPLOYMENT FOURTH PREFERENCE (SR) RELIGIOUS WORKERS CATEGORY EXTENDED

E. ANNUAL WAITING LIST REPORT OF IMMIGRANT VISA APPLICANTS

F. U.S. GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS (SIVs)

G. FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON VISA PROCESSING AT U.S. EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES, PLEASE VISIT THE BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS WEBSITE AT TRAVEL.STATE.GOV

Department of State Publication 9514

CA/VO: April 3, 2024

