# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2024/visa-bulletin-for-october-2023.html

Legal Resources

English

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For October 2023

Number 82

Volume X

Washington, D.C

View as Printer Friendly PDF

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS FOR PREFERENCE IMMIGRANT VISAS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during October for: “Final Action Dates” and “Dates for Filing Applications,” indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Unless otherwise indicated on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website at www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo, individuals seeking to file applications for adjustment of status with USCIS must use the “Final Action Dates” charts below for determining when they can file such applications.

Procedures for determining dates.

The fiscal year 2024 limit for family-sponsored preference immigrants is 226,000.

The worldwide level for annual employment-based preference immigrants is at least 140,000.

Section 203(e) provides that family-sponsored and employment-based preference visas be issued to eligible immigrants in the order in which a petition in behalf of each has been filed.

FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

Final Action Dates for Family-Sponsored Preference Cases

For October, F2A numbers EXEMPT from per-country limit are authorized for issuance to applicants from all countries with priority dates earlier than 01FEB19.

DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

Employment-Based Preferences

Final Action Dates for Employment-Based Preference Cases

DATES FOR FILING OF EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA APPLICATIONS

Diversity Immigrant (DV) Category for the Month of October

For October, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2024 applicants chargeable to all regions/eligible countries.

SCHEDULED EXPIRATION OF THE EMPLOYMENT FOURTH PREFERENCE (SR) RELIGIOUS WORKERS CATEGORY

The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, extended the Employment Fourth Preference Certain Religious Workers (SR) category until September 30, 2023.

EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISA AVAILABILITY FOR FY-2024

For the latest information on visa processing at U.S. embassies and consulates, please visit the Bureau of Consular Affairs website at travel.state.gov

Department of State Publication 9514

CA/VO: September 8, 2023

