# Legal Resources

**Source:** travel_state_gov

**URL:** https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin/2025/visa-bulletin-for-january-2025.html

Legal Resources

U.S. Visa Law & Policy

Visa Bulletin For January 2025

Number 97
 Volume X
 Washington, D.C

A. STATUTORY NUMBERS FOR PREFERENCE IMMIGRANT VISAS

This bulletin summarizes the availability of immigrant numbers during January for: “Final Action Dates” and “Dates for Filing Applications,” indicating when immigrant visa applicants should be notified to assemble and submit required documentation to the National Visa Center.

Unless otherwise indicated on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) website at www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo, individuals seeking to file applications for adjustment of status with USCIS must use the “Final Action Dates” charts below for determining when they can file such applications.

Procedures for determining dates. Consular officers are required to report to the Department of State documentarily qualified applicants for numerically limited visas; USCIS reports applicants for adjustment of status.

The fiscal year 2025 limit for family-sponsored preference immigrants determined in accordance with Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) is 226,000.

4. Section 203(a) of the INA prescribes preference classes for allotment of Family-sponsored immigrant visas as follows:

FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCES

First: (F1) Unmarried Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400 plus any numbers not required for fourth preference.

Second: Spouses and Children, and Unmarried Sons and Daughters of Permanent Residents: 114,200, plus the number (if any) by which the worldwide family preference level exceeds 226,000, plus any unused first preference numbers.

Third: (F3) Married Sons and Daughters of U.S. Citizens: 23,400, plus any numbers not required by first and second preferences.

Fourth: (F4) Brothers and Sisters of Adult U.S. Citizens: 65,000, plus any numbers not required by first three preferences.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR FAMILY-SPONSORED PREFERENCE CASES

On the chart below, the listing of a date for any class indicates that the class is oversubscribed; 'C' means current, i.e., numbers are authorized for issuance to all qualified applicants; and 'U' means unauthorized, i.e., numbers are not authorized for issuance.

Family Sponsored

All Chargeability Areas Except Those Listed

CHINA-mainland born

INDIA

MEXICO

PHILIPPINES

F1 22NOV15 22NOV15 22NOV15 22NOV04 08MAR12

F2A 01JAN22 01JAN22 01JAN22 15MAY21 01JAN22

F2B 22MAY16 22MAY16 22MAY16 01JUL05 22OCT11

F3 01JUL10 01JUL10 01JUL10 22NOV00 08NOV02

F4 01AUG07 01AUG07 08APR06 01MAR01 01MAY04

DATES FOR FILING FAMILY-SPONSORED VISA APPLICATIONS

The chart below reflects dates for filing visa applications within a timeframe justifying immediate action in the application process.

Visit www.uscis.gov/visabulletininfo for information on whether USCIS has determined that this chart can be used for filing applications for adjustment of status with USCIS.

B. EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCES

The chart below indicates final action dates for employment-based preference cases.

FINAL ACTION DATES FOR EMPLOYMENT-BASED PREFERENCE CASES

Family-based All Chargeability Areas Except Those Listed

1st C 08NOV22 01FEB22 C C

5th Set Aside: Rural (20%, including NR, RR)

5th Set Aside: High Unemployment (10%, including NH, RH)

5th Set Aside: Infrastructure (2%, including RI)

D. DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT (DV) CATEGORY FOR THE MONTH OF JANUARY

The NACARA stipulates that beginning with DV-99, and for as long as necessary, up to 5,000 of the 55,000 diversity visas will be made available for use under the NACARA program.

For January, immigrant numbers in the DV category are available to qualified DV-2025 applicants chargeable to all regions/eligible countries.

Scheduled expiration of the Employment Fourth Preference Religious Workers (SR) category.

H.R. 9747, signed on September 26, 2024, extended the Employment Fourth Preference Certain Religious Workers (SR) category until December 20, 2024.

